<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>List of Illustrations</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="backmatter">
		<nav id="loi" epub:type="loi">
			<h2 epub:type="title">List of Illustrations</h2>
			<ol>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-1"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Rabbit (a rabbit wearing a blue dress and white apron) tucks Peter into bed. Only the tips of his ears and paws are visible.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-2">Rabbits peek out from underneath and around the roots of a tree.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-3"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Rabbit says goodbye to her children. Peter, in his blue coat, is looking away from <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Rabbit.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-4"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor, knife and fork in hand, looks at a steaming pie being brought to him by <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> McGregor.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-5"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Rabbit buttons up Peter’s coat while his siblings walk away.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-6"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Rabbit walks through the wood with her basket and umbrella. She’s wearing a red scarf, red coat, and a yellow and black striped skirt.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-7">Peter’s siblings are picking blackberries, while blackbirds try to steal them.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-8">Peter runs over the fields, in his blue coat.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-9">Peter squeezes under a wooden gate, which is tugging on his coat.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-10">Peter sits in the garden with a carrot in each paw, and another on the ground next to him. Behind him, perched on a fork handle, a robin in singing.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-11">Peter walks through a vegetable garden, with his paws on his tummy.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-12"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor kneels on the ground with a tool for planting small plants. He looks surprised to see Peter.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-13">Peter, looking scared, runs across a green lawn, pursued by <abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor waving a rake.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-14">One of Peter’s shoes lies under a cabbage plant, watched by a yellow bird.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-15">Peter tumbles over, with a button on his coat stuck in a net under a gooseberry bush.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-16">Three sparrows tweet at Peter, who is still stuck in the net and looks sad.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-17">Peter and the three sparrows flee from underneath the sieve, leaving his blue jacket on the ground.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-18">Peter jumps into a watering can as water splashes out of the top.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-19">Peter’s ears stick out from the watering can, while <abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor hunts under flowerpots in the background.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-20">Peter escapes from the potting shed, followed by <abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor’s boot. He knocks over three geraniums in pots as he jumps.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-21">Peter stands, dripping wet, in a flowerbed, next to a robin.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-22">Peter runs up to a closed door in a garden wall.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-23">Peter tries to squeeze through the door, while a mouse watches him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-24">A white cat looks into a pond filled with goldfish, who look back. Peter is in the distance on the other side of a lawn.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-25">Peter sits in a wheelbarrow, looking out over a field with a gate on the other side. <abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor is directly between Peter and the gate.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-26">Peter runs down a path and under a gate. <abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor is in the distance, chasing Peter with a rake.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-27">Peter’s blue coat and little black shoes are hanging from a stick in a vegetable garden. Three blackbirds look on, while <abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor tends to the cabbages in the background.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-28">Peter arrives at the entrance to the family burrow. His three siblings, still in their red coats, look on.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-29">Peter sleeps on his side, while his mother in her blue dress and white apron looks at him while cooking. His three siblings look on from the entrance to the burrow.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-30">Mother heats some tea in a kettle over the fire, while Peter watches from his bed.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-peter-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-31">Flopsy, Mopsy and Cottontail hold spoons and stand around a tall blue pot and pitcher. There’s a basket of blackberries on the floor.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-32">Two red squirrels, Nutkin and Twinkleberry, harvest hazelnuts from a tree into a small bag.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-33">Nutkin sits on a tree branch, nibbling on a hazelnut.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-34">Old Brown flies towards his oak-tree.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-35">Many red squirrels run down to the edge of a lake. One is standing on a raft made of twigs on the water.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-36">In front of a heather-covered hill, many red squirrels travel on twig rafts to an island.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-37">Red squirrels stand in a rough circle around the owl Old Brown, who is standing asleep at the base of a tree.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-38">A sleepy-looking <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Brown sits at the base of a tree with a mouse in each claw, while Nutkin jumps up and down next to him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-39">Squirrels sitting on a tree branch next to a reedbed place nuts in sacks, and lower them down to their cousins below.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-40">Red squirrels carrying sacks stand in front of Old Brown, while Twinkleberry talks to him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-41">Nutkin stands in front of Old Brown and tickles his beak with a nettle.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-42">Nutkin bends down in front of a door set into the base of a tree and sings into the keyhole.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-43">Nutkin picks up acorns from a beech stump outside Old Brown’s door.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-44">Five red squirrels fish with poles from rocks and rafts in the lake.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-45">Nutkin runs on ahead of a line of other red squirrels, all on a grassy path running through a forest.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-46">Four red squirrels stand around a china plate, on which is a set of leaf parcels.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-47">Nutkin picks up a robin’s pincushion.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-48">Three red squirrels inspect their collection of nuts.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-49">Old Brown sits in a carved wooden chair, eating some food from a plate on a table in front of him. Nutkin peers in through the window behind him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-50">Nutkin stands on a rock and bowls an apple towards some fir-cones that he’s arranged.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-51">Five red squirrels walk out of the lake, carrying an egg in a basket. Nutkin runs ahead up the shore.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-52"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Brown inspects the egg that the squirrels have brought. Nutkin has climbed up to the level of his beak and is gesturing at the egg.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-53">Nutkin dances for the other squirrels and Old Brown. The squirrels look a little worried, and Old Brown looks more annoyed than impressed.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-54">Old Brown shrieks with his claws out and beak open wide. The squirrels scatter away from his tree.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-55">The squirrels peek back around the side of the tree. Old Brown can just be seen, standing still with his eyes almost closed.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-56">Old Brown stands in the doorway to his house, with one foot on Nutkin’s neck. The other red squirrels in the background look shocked.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-57">Nutkin, missing most of his tail, jumps down from the tree and runs off to his cousins in the distance. Old Brown peers out of the attic window after him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin.xhtml#illustration-58">Nutkin, missing half his tail, plays with his cousins on a tree branch.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-59">A mouse in spectacles is sitting on a reel of red thread and reading a newspaper entitled “The Tailor of Gloucester.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-60">A tailor sits next to a window surrounded by scraps of cloth. He is sewing a piece of cloth on his lap.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-61">A mouse in a mob cap and extremely puffy dress is holding a large magnifying glass and sitting on a large expanse of embroidered green fabric. Another mouse is peeking through a seam in the background.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-62">The tailor walks out of his shop, leaving behind him cut pieces of cloth and some coats hanging on pegs.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-63">The tailor walks down the snowy street. The buildings on either side are close together and overhang the road.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-64">Simpkin the cat sits on a chair next to a dresser full of plates and jugs, with its paws on a china pot with pink decorations. Also on the chair and dresser are three mice in cage traps.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-65">The tailor dozes in a chair in front of a wide fireplace.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-66">The tailor stands in front of the dresser, and peers underneath a teacup.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-67">Three mice stand on the dresser in front of the tailor. At his feet looking up at him are two more mice, while six more run away.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-68">A lady mouse in a white dress decorated with little red flowers stands next to another mouse on the dresser next to a sugar bowl.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-69">Simpkin the cat hisses at the tailor’s outstretched hand, while holding open a large teapot.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-70">A mouse sits on embroidered cloth while trying to thread red thread onto a needle. In the background two mice hold the thread’s skein.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-71">Simpkin the cat creeps out into the snowy street.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-72">Simpkin the cat sits in the snowy street.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-73">Simpkin the cat walks along the snowy street leaving a trail of paw-prints.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-74">Five mice sit in a circle around the light of a candle. They are sewing mice-sized clothes.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-75">The mice have stopped sewing to close the door of their room. Most are standing by the door, with a couple holding candles and one gathering up the clothes they have been working on.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-76">Simpkin the cat sits on a chair next to the tailor and holds a cup on a saucer. The tailor is holding a skein of red silk.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-77">The tailor follows Simpkin the cat down the snowy street.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-78">In his shop, the tailor and Simpkin the cat look surprised at the finished coat.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-79">A piece of cloth with beautifully embroidered flowers. Pinned to it is a scrap of paper on which is written in copperplate handwriting “No more twist.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tailor-of-gloucester.xhtml#illustration-80">A mouse is putting the finishing touches to the embroidered cuff of a beautiful coat.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-81">Josephine Rabbit is sitting knitting in her burrow wearing a blue dress and a red and white shawl, next to four small rabbits. Behind her hangs some bunches of herbs, and above her is a sign that reads “Josephine Rabbit, licensed to sell Tea &amp; Tobacco.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-82">Benjamin Bunny sits on a grassy bank. His ears are pricked up, and he’s wearing a brown jacket and blue shoes.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-83">Benjamin runs down a wooded path, while a carriage in the background drives away.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-84">Benjamin’s aunt is standing at a table covered in packets and bottles. Three rabbit children stand at the end of the table.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-85">Benjamin Bunny peers over a tree root, behind which is just visible two pointy rabbit ears.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-86">Peter Rabbit is sitting in a hole in the ground, wrapped in a red cloth with white stripes. Next to the edge of the hole are Benjamin’s feet.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-87">Benjamin sits on the ground next to Peter and holds his paw.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-88">Benjamin carefully leads a sad-looking Peter by the paw away from the hole.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-89">Benjamin and Peter look out over <abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor’s garden, and see the scarecrow made out of Peter’s clothes.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-90">Benjamin tries to catch Peter as he falls from a pear-tree.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-91">Benjamin inspects the footprints in the soft earth of the vegetable garden, while Peter looks worried.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-92">Peter pulls on his blue jacket leaving bare the cross of wood that had been the scarecrow. Benjamin has put on Peter’s big blue tam-o’-shanter and is inspecting his shoes. Sparrows hop around in the background.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-93">Peter stands looking worried, while Benjamin crouches behind him pulling up onions and putting them on the red cloth Peter had been wearing.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-94">Benjamin walks past a lettuce and thoughtfully nibbles on the end of a leaf. He’s wearing a red and white flower in his buttonhole. In the background Peter is carrying the onions wrapped up in the red cloth.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-95">Peter stands on a board laid on the soft earth of the vegetable garden. He’s still holding the red cloth full of onions, but the back has dropped and some of the onions have fallen out.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-96">Benjamin and Peter walk off down the boards through the vegetable garden, overlooked by four small dormice.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-97">Peter stands on some steps looking worried. He has dropped the edge of the cloth again, letting the onions roll away.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-98">Peter walks between cold frames, buckets, and watering cans, holding his bundle of onions. Benjamin follows behind.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-99">Peter and Benjamin peer around the corner of a wall. A large tabby cat wearing a red ribbon is lying asleep on the path in front of them.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-100">The cat, with its fluffy tail held high, looks at an overturned basket.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-101">The cat sits on top of the upturned basket, looking down at the small gap between the handle and the rest of the basket.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-102">Old <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Bunny walks along the top of the garden wall. He’s wearing a purple jacket with a red and white striped waistcoat, holding a switch, and smoking a pipe.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-103">Old <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Bunny dives from the wall onto the cat that is still sitting on the basket. The cat looks surprised to see him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-104">Old <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Bunny has finished scolding Benjamin, and has moved on to hitting Peter with his switch. Peter’s shoes have fallen off onto the floor.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-105">Benjamin and Peter walk through the garden gate while crying, watched by a robin. Benjamin is clutching his bottom. Behind them walks Old <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Bunny, who is carrying the sack of onions and a large lettuce. The cat watches on through the window of the greenhouse.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-106"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor looks at the scarecrow, which now just has a tam-o’-shanter on it. Over the garden wall peek six rabbits.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-benjamin-bunny.xhtml#illustration-107">In their burrow, Peter and Cottontail fold up the red cloth, while <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Rabbit holds Flopsy and Mopsy. There are bunches of herbs and vegetables on the wall behind them.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-108">The first mouse is standing holding up a pair of gold sugar tongs in front of a plate containing a pudding. Behind, another mouse sits in front of a broken plate.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-109">A doll in a pink dress is sitting on a red two-storey doll’s-house. In front of the house is sitting another doll in a blue dress. A skipping rope is lying on the floor, and a couple of tennis racquets are standing up behind the house.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-110">Lucinda is talking to Jane, who is standing in the corner next to a clock and a vase of red flowers. On the floor next to them is a large cardboard box labelled “Provisions 6<abbr class="eoc">d.</abbr>”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-111">The box of provisions has been opened. On plates in front of it sits a range of food.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-112">Tom Thumb is a brown mouse with big black eyes. He is peeping out of a hole in the wall next to the head of another mouse. In front of him is the corner of a red and blue rug.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-113">From inside the wall Tom Thumb and the other mouse look through a hole.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-114">Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca walk cautiously over the rug to the doll’s-house and peer in through the front door.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-115">Both the mice gaze in wonder at the brightly lit front room of the doll’s-house.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-116">The mice are sitting at a table covered in beautiful food. Tom Thumb has a fork in his left paw and a knife in his right, and is attempting to carve the ham.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-117">Hunca Munca stares at Tom Thumb as he attempts to carve the ham.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-118">Tom Thumb crouches on the chair as the ham and plate crashes to the floor. In the background Hunca Munca is holding up the plate of fish.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-119">Tom Thumb smashes the plate and ham to pieces with a tiny shovel. His chair has toppled over in his rage. Hunca Munca is still holding the plate of fish.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-120">Tom Thumb attempts to force the plate of fish into the doll’s-house fireplace. Hunca Munca is helping from on top of the mantelpiece.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-121">Tom Thumb peeks out of the top of the doll’s-house chimney, while Hunca Munca looks out through one of the bedroom windows.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-122">Hunca Munca is sitting on the countertop in the kitchen, and emptying a jar marked “Rice.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-123">Hunca Munca is sitting on a bed covered with a blue and white striped blanket and a large pile of feathers. In the background, Tom Thumb is pushing a pink dress through the window.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-124">The two mice carefully carry the mouse-sized bolster down the stairs of the doll’s-house. Next to the bottom of the stairs stands a chest of drawers with the drawers half open and a saucepan on top.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-125">The mice are attempting to squeeze through the hole in the wall many things they’ve taken from the doll’s-house, including a lamp, a red chest, and a mouse-sized birdcage with a green parrot in it.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-126">The mice push a wickerwork rocking cradle with a pink blanket over the rug towards the hole in the wall.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-127">The mice run across the rug. One is carrying a chair, and the other a brush and some puffy blue cloth. Jane and Lucinda have arrived in the doorway in a wickerwork pram with a pink coverlet.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-128">The two dolls survey the damage to the house. Lucinda has her arms up, but Jane is completely straight as she leans.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-129">Hunca Munca, wearing a blue dress, sits in a rocking chair holding a baby mouse. Next to her is the wickerwork cradle with a pink coverlet.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-130">Hunca Munca, wearing a pink dress with a white apron, inspects a frying pan. Next to her are other pans, kettles, and the cradle with two baby mice in it.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-131">A doll dressed as a policeman is guarding the door of the doll’s-house from Hunca Munca. She’s holding a baby mouse, and two more mice are peering in through the front window at Jane. Through one of the upstairs windows we can see another mouse.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-132">Tom Thumb is standing in front of Hunca Munca and baby mouse, and explaining about the big mouse trap next to him to his other three children.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-133">Jane and Lucinda are tucked up in bed. By the light of a small lantern, the mice are pushing a small coin into one of the red and white stockings that are hanging from the foot of the bed.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-two-bad-mice.xhtml#illustration-134">Hunca Munca is carrying a dustpan and brush, and carefully pushing open the green door of the doll’s-house.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-135"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle is wearing a white mobcap with prickles poking through, a yellow skirt, a pink blouse and a white apron. She’s inspecting the bottom of an iron that she’s picked up; another stands on the side.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-136">A girl in a long red coat with a blue hairband stands talking to a brown cat who is sitting on a box. They’re both in front of a white farm on the side of a hill. Chickens are pecking at the ground in the background.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-137">Lucie bends down in front of the barn door to talk to a brown hen.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-138">Lucie kneels on a stone stile while looking at the hills in the distance. Next to her are some foxgloves and a tree on which is sitting a robin.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-139">Lucie runs along a path between stands of bracken. Down the hillside can be seen the white farm, and in the distance is a valley between big cliffs.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-140">A little stream is running from a hole in the hillside and cascading down. A tin stands by the first little waterfall. The stream is surrounded by green plants, forget-me-nots, and daisies.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-141">Lucie has her hands to her mouth as she looks at a small grey door built into a rock. String is tied between some small bare trees next to her.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-142">Lucie has pushed open the door and stands in a hallway, looking slightly apprehensive. To the left of the door is a wooden chair with a purple cushion, and to the right is a wooden chest of drawers.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-143"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle is standing on a step so that she can reach the cloth on the table in front of her with her hot iron. On the other side of the table is Lucie.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-144"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle is wiping her left paw on her apron, and smiling. In her other paw she’s holding a basket of linen. Behind her are shelves displaying her best china: white plates, plates painted with birds, and matched pink cups and saucers.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-145"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle carefully irons Cock Robin’s red waistcoat while Lucie points at it from the other side of the table. Lucie has taken off her coat, and is wearing a pink dress with a white pinafore underneath.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-146"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle gestures at a piece of cloth patterned with flowers that’s hanging from a drying rack.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-147"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle bends down to pick up the iron that’s been heating in front of her fire.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-148">Lucie inspects the white pinafore that <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle is holding up.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-149"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle inspects a pair of long yellow stockings that she’s holding up. They’re obviously made for chicken’s feet.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-150">Lucie and <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle bend down to look at a light red handkerchief, edged with white lines and covered with white spots.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-151"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle bends over her washing basket and pulls out two small pieces of white cloth.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-152"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle dips the pieces of white cloth in a blue and white bowl. The hot iron sits next to it on a stand.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-153"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle, standing on her chair, pulls down a fluffy woollen coat from a washing line for Lucie to look at.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-154"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle stands on a chair on her toes, to pin up some clothes to the lines running across her ceiling.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-155"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle and Lucie sit on a wooden bench in front of the fire, each with a cup of tea. Lucie is holding a small spoon in her left hand and sipping the tea from the cup in her right.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-156">Lucie has gone outside, and is wearing her red coat again and holding a bundle of cloth. <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle has a couple of pieces of clothing over her arm, and is bending down to slide the key under the door.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-157">Peter and Benjamin peek out of the ferns at <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle, who hands them back their clothes. Lucie looks on, holding the bundle.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-158"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle hands out clothes to three mice, a sparrow, a blue tit, and Cock Robin.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-159">Lucie and <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle walk along a path, hand in hand. In the background are hills and a wood.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-160">Lucie stands on the stile, holding her bundle in one hand with her other hand raised questioningly.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle.xhtml#illustration-161">A large brown hedgehog runs between some ferns on all fours. She’s covered in spines.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-162">A cat is standing in a field. In the background a few cows are grazing, in front of a stone wall that borders a white farmhouse. The cat is wearing a white dress with blue rosettes, a white pinny, and a red and white striped shawl. She’s holding a jug of milk, and a plate with a pat of butter on it.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-163">A cat in a dress sits at a table, writing a letter with a quill. On the windowsill behind her are pots of geraniums.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-164">Duchess, a small furry black dog who is wearing a blue ribbon around her neck, is reading an invitation that has just been delivered by a postman. She’s standing on a path just inside a garden gate, in a garden filled with beautiful flowers.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-165">Duchess stands on a box to check a bowl on the top shelf of her pantry, which is full with other bowls, boxes and baskets.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-166">Duchess holds up a raised pie for inspection.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-167">Ribby picks up a furry rug near the open front door of her house.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-168">Duchess stands in front of her front door, holding a wicker basket covered by a white cloth. On either side of her grow tall orange irises.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-169">Ribby walks down a lane between houses with a basket hung over her arm. Behind her, through an archway, Duchess can seen walking.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-170">Ribby comes out of a shop that has a sign that reads “<abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T.</abbr> Twitchit.” Two kittens play in the alley next to the shop.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-171">Duchess stands on a red cushioned armchair, next to a sunny window. She’s peering into a cupboard on the wall, that is full of bottles and cups.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-172">Duchess brushes her cheek fur while sitting at her dressing table, that holds a mirror, comb and compact.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-173">Ribby sits by the fire warming her paws. She’s wearing a pink dress with a white pinny. Next to the fire is a big teapot painted with flowers, and on the mantelpiece above are jars and knickknacks.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-174">Duchess runs down a lane with a bunch of flowers in her mouth.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-175">Duchess stands in the porch of Ribby’s farmhouse, clutching a bunch of pansies, stocks, and other flowers. The porch is set in from a cobbled yard, and has slate benches on either side, on which geraniums sit. Her front door is green, with a brass knocker in the shape of a cat’s head.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-176">Duchess balances a lump on sugar on the tip of her nose, which Ribby has placed there from her sugar bowl with a small pair of tongs.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-177">Ribby bends down in front of the over and pulls out the pie. Meanwhile, Duchess’s tail and back legs are just visible underneath the table.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-178">Duchess watches on while Ribby cuts the pie.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-179">Duchess carefully cuts into the pie with a knife and fork.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-180">Ribby butters a muffin while looking over the table. A cup of tea stands next to her plate.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-181">Ribby and Duchess sit at a table covered with dishes. Ribby is pouring from a jug into a glass, while Duchess looks down to the foot of the table to her left.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-182">Ribby stirs sugar into her tea and gestures across the table.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-183">Duchess stands up in her chair with her tongue hanging out. In front of her on the table is the empty pie dish.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-184">A magpie stands outside an entrance to a barn, with a horse’s legs visible in the background. In front of it is a little blue glass bottle, and it’s holding the stopper in its beak.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-185"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha Twitchit stands outside her shop and watches Ribby run past with a magpie alongside. She is knitting, and the ball of yarn has fallen down to the ground. Around her several kittens are playing.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-186">Duchess sits on a chair and looks worried.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-187">Duchess stands in a doorway, with a pie dish held in front of her.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-188"><abbr>Dr.</abbr> Maggoty pushes a pill held in his beak towards Duchess, who has been cornered by both him and Ribby.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-189">Ribby stands holding a bucket by the water pump. She’s looking at the ground in front her, where several large pieces of broken white and red pottery lie. On the hill behind her is a rose bush with yellow flowers, a magpie, several crows, and a scarecrow.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan.xhtml#illustration-190">A ridged pie pan sits empty.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-191">A frog sits on a lily-leaf fishing. He’s dressed in a white shirt, braces, white socks and black shoes, one of which is dipping in the water.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-192">The frog is now sitting in front of the front door of a house, reading a newspaper. He’s put a red jacket on, but his right foot is still trailing in a puddle. A damselfly is perching on the top of the door.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-193"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy walks through his house, holding a blue and white jug and two matching plates. The floor is covered in water, and a snail has climbed the wall.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-194"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy walks out of the front door of his house. There are tall flowers and plants on either side.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-195"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy is digging for fishing bait with a spade. Next to him on the earth is a tin marked “Bait,” and to his right an earthworm is poking out of the ground.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-196"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy hops across the lily-leaves and flowers, holding his rod in one hand and with a basket slung over his back.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-197"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy crouches on a lily-leaf, and unties a rope from a leaf stalk that’s sticking out of the water.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-198"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy stands on his lily-leaf boat, and pushes his way into open water with a long stalk.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-199"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy sits cross-legged on his lily-leaf and carefully prepares his fishing tackle. In his right hand he’s holding his fishing rod and line, and in his left a red and white float. Next to him is his tin of bait and his basket. Behind him on a worm is making a valiant attempt to escape.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-200"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy sits on his lily-leaf with his line dangling in the water. The leaf is tied to his stalk that’s stuck in the lake bed. It has started to rain.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-201"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy sits on his lily-leaf with his legs crossed and his left foot trailing in the water. He is munching a white piece of butterfly wing and looking thoughtful.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-202">A big brown water-beetle has swum up to the bottom of <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy’s lily-leaf. It is holding the end of his shoe between its front legs.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-203">A water vole swims through the water between the lily-leaves. In the background, another stands among the reeds.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-204"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy sits on his lily-leaf with his legs crossed. He is staring intently at the float attached to his fishing line, which is sitting in the water in front of him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-205"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy stands up and, bracing himself, hauls on his fishing rod. On the end of it he has hooked a fish that is half his size.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-206"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy falls back onto the lily-leaf. In his lap is a large stickleback with three spines and a red belly.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-207"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy sits on his lily-leaf, turned away and looking over his shoulder at the fish behind him who are leaping in and out of the water.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-208"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy sits on his lily-leaf, with his right leg trailing in the water. From underneath looms the open jaws and eye of a large fish.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-209">The blue and grey dappled trout has grabbed <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy between its teeth, and is diving quickly down into the water.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-210">The upset trout has twisted around to look at the departing <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy as he swims back up to the surface.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-211"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy’s head is just poking out of the water as he swims towards a lily-leaf. Behind him bubbles rise up from the bottom of the water.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-212"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy climbs out of the water and carefully up the bank. He looks a bit shocked, and is only wearing his white shirt.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-213"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy hops down the path towards his house, which is just visible in the distance.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-214">Just as a tortoise and a newt in a morning coat arrive at <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy’s house, he appears at the gate fully clothed in his original red jacket and looking happy.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-215">Sir Isaac Newton stands talking to <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy. He’s wearing a long grey morning coat, unbuttoned to display his waistcoat with dappled black and gold patterns.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-216"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Alderman Ptolemy Tortoise joins Sir Isaac and <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy’s conversation. He’s carrying a net bag filled with soft lettuce, and is wearing the gold chain that signifies his rank.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher.xhtml#illustration-217">All three of the dinner companions sit around a table. <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jeremy is holding a carving knife and fork over a platter on which sits a grasshopper. <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Ptolemy and Sir Isaac look slightly worried.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-a-fierce-bad-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-218">A rabbit sits on the grass, looking angry and purposeful. Its ears are standing up, and it has wrinkled its nose.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-a-fierce-bad-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-219">A rabbit runs from right to left. Its little white tail is sticking up, along with its whiskers.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-a-fierce-bad-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-220">A rabbit sits up on a small wooden bench, in a field in front of some trees. It’s munching on the side of a carrot. Behind it, the running rabbit approaches.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-a-fierce-bad-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-221">The bad rabbit stands on the bench next to the good rabbit and reaches out for the carrot. The good rabbit looks worried.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-a-fierce-bad-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-222">The bad rabbit pushes over the good rabbit, grabs the carrot, and quickly puts it in its mouth.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-a-fierce-bad-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-223">The bad rabbit runs after the good rabbit trying to attack it. In the background on the bench the carrot lies forgotten.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-a-fierce-bad-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-224">The good rabbit crouches inside a hole with its ears pulled back. In the distance the outline of the bad rabbit can be seen standing on the bench.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-a-fierce-bad-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-225">A man with a ginger beard is walking with a shotgun under his arm. He’s wearing knee-high boots, brown trousers, a green jacket, a green hat, and has a bag slung over his shoulder.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-a-fierce-bad-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-226">The man has seen the bad rabbit sitting on the bench in the distance. He readies his gun.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-a-fierce-bad-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-227">The bad rabbit sits calmly on the bench, nibbling on the carrot it’s holding in its paw. Behind, next to a tree, creeps the man with his gun.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-a-fierce-bad-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-228">The man raises the gun to his shoulder and points it to the right of the picture.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-a-fierce-bad-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-229">A cloud of whirling lines, through which can be seen a carrot, a pair of rabbit ears, and a fluffy white tail.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-a-fierce-bad-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-230">The man runs up to the bench, on which is lying a white fluffy tail, a carrot, and a small pile of whiskers.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-a-fierce-bad-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-231">The good rabbit looks worriedly at the man with the gun running up to the bench.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-a-fierce-bad-rabbit.xhtml#illustration-232">Bad rabbit sprints across the grass, missing its whiskers and tail.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-miss-moppet.xhtml#illustration-233">A tabby kitten wearing a pink bow is staring at a mouse in a green jacket who is sitting in front of her.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-miss-moppet.xhtml#illustration-234">The tabby kitten has green eyes, and she crouches down and stares intently.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-miss-moppet.xhtml#illustration-235">The mouse with the green jacket and a red bow-tie stands between a cupboard leg and the green skirting board, and points forwards.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-miss-moppet.xhtml#illustration-236">Miss Moppet dives for the mouse and hits the cupboard with her head.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-miss-moppet.xhtml#illustration-237">Miss Moppet touches her nose with her front left paw and looks shocked. In the background the Mouse peeks out from behind the cupboard.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-miss-moppet.xhtml#illustration-238">The Mouse leans forwards and peers down. His long tail is curved up over his head.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-miss-moppet.xhtml#illustration-239">Miss Moppet is sitting on a red cushion, with her head completely wrapped in a blue cloth so that no part of it can be seen apart from the ears.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-miss-moppet.xhtml#illustration-240">The Mouse climbs head first down a thick red rope.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-miss-moppet.xhtml#illustration-241">The Mouse creeps towards the tail of Miss Moppet, who has still got her head wrapped up in the blue duster.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-miss-moppet.xhtml#illustration-242">The Mouse is close enough now to touch Miss Moppet, who is holding her head with both paws, and peeking through a small slit.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-miss-moppet.xhtml#illustration-243">Miss Moppet pounces off the cushion and onto the back of the Mouse, who is trying to run away. She’s now wearing the duster as a headscarf.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-miss-moppet.xhtml#illustration-244">Miss Moppet carefully bundles the Mouse up in the duster.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-miss-moppet.xhtml#illustration-245">Miss Moppet throws the bundle up in the air. Through the slit in the duster the Mouse’s head can be seen.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-miss-moppet.xhtml#illustration-246">Miss Moppet is holding the unwrapped blue duster in her paws and looking extremely confused.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-story-of-miss-moppet.xhtml#illustration-247">The Mouse dances with his arms out on top of the cupboard.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-248">A tortoiseshell cat in a pink coat is pulling a dark brown kitten along a garden path towards a house, and carrying a light grey kitten under her other arm. In front of them runs a brown kitten. The garden is full of pink and purple flowers, and the house is large and white with a covered porch.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-249">The three kittens play, pouncing on each other and on a red flower on the ground. On the wall of the house behind them more of the red flowers are climbing, along with another plant with big square purple flowers.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-250"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha Twitchit carries an unwilling Moppet past the wood-panelled walls towards the stairs. She’s followed by Tom who is staring up at Moppet. Mittens has already climbed up half the stairs and is rounding the corner.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-251">A shocked Moppet is on a chair having her face vigorously scrubbed with a sponge by <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha Twitchit. Behind the chair peak out the other two worried-looking kittens.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-252">Mittens stands on the same chair, being brushed. Tom lies under the chair, swiping at her with his paws. Moppet stands in the background watching the scene.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-253"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha Twitchit stands with a comb in her right hand, and licks the back of her left paw. Tom sits on the ground in front of her and swipes with his right paw. The other kittens are sitting on the windowsill and look shocked at his behaviour.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-254"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha Twitchit rummages through a chest of drawers, and pulls out a pair of blue shorts. The kittens on the windowsill are already dressed in short-sleeved white pinafores, while Tom still isn’t wearing anything. On the floor lies a hat and other blue clothing.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-255">Tom is wearing blue trousers and a blue top. They’re both obviously too small for him. <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha Twitchit is looking slightly worried, and holding a needle and thread. At their feet lies a spool of blue thread and some buttons.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-256"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha Twitchit, holding a toasting fork, shoos the kittens out of the house. Moppet and Mittens talk to each other, while Tom seems more interested in a butterfly that has just flown away from the flowers surrounding the house.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-257">The kittens play on the garden path, surrounded by tall flowers. Moppet is down on all fours, with her pinafore falling off her back. Mittens has lifted up the front of her pinafore to inspect it. Tom is trying to catch a large butterfly that is circling over his head.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-258">Mittens and Moppet have climbed through a raised bed of pink rhododendrons and ferns, and arrived on the top of a dry stone wall. Mittens is tugging at the neck of her pinafore, which is nearly falling off.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-259">Tom Kitten bursts through a dense patch of ferns and foxgloves. He’s got a smile on his face, his jacket is undone, and he’s missing buttons on his trousers.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-260">Mittens and Moppet strip the broken clothes from a smiling Tom Kitten.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-261">The three kittens look down from the top of the dry stone wall at the lane below, along which three large white ducks with yellow bills are walking in a line. Tom is trying to hold up his broken trousers with one paw.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-262">The three ducks stand in the lane, in front of the white farm house and the hills behind.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-263">The three ducks stare up at the kittens on top of the wall, who are leaning over and staring at the ducks. Rebeccah Puddle-duck is wearing a straw boater with a curved brim, edged with a blue ribbon. Jemima Puddle-duck has the collar of a pinafore on her head.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-264">The kittens have climbed down from the wall and are looking at the ducks. In between them lies a pile of clothes, including the pinafores and Tom’s blue trousers.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-265"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Drake Puddle-duck grabs Tom’s blue trousers in his bill.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-266"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Drake Puddle-duck stands up to his full height. He is wearing Tom’s blue trousers, white collar, and has his blue jacket wrapped around him and pinned in place with his wings.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-267">The three ducks waddle off down the lane, wearing the kittens’ clothes and looking happy with their finds. The lane runs between some stone farm buildings, through a wooden gate, and off up the hill. In the farmyard there is a group of chickens, who watch the ducks leaving.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-268">The three kittens sit on top of the wall next to each other and stare at the ducks as they walk away. Behind them, unseen, <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha Twitchit is looking down the garden path at the kittens.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-269"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha Twitchit holds Tom Kitten by the scruff of his neck and raises her paw threateningly. The other kittens crouch at the hem of her dress.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-270"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha Twitchit is chatting excitedly with another cat, who is wearing a black dress, a purple scarf and a purple bonnet covering her ears. Outside the doorway stand two more cats, who are also wearing scarves and bonnets. Pots of geraniums are standing on the windowsill.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-271">The bedroom that the kittens have gone to is in a dreadful mess. Clothes and shoes litter the floor; Moppet is trying to climb up the red curtains surrounding the head of a wooden bed; Mittens has already made it to the top; and Tom Kitten is standing on the foot of the bed looking up at Mittens and wearing a large blue bonnet.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-272"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha Twitchit has opened the door and is pointing a paw at Tom, who has climbed down from the bed. Behind the bed’s top curtains we can just see the other two kittens’ ears poking out. In front of the door a chair has tipped over, spilling the clothes that had been hung on it.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-273">The three ducks slide into a cool pond covered with floating lily leaves and with irises around the edge. The hat and blue jacket have slid off the ducks, and are being held in their bills.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-tom-kitten.xhtml#illustration-274">Two of the three ducks are dabbling in the water, with their tails high in the air. The other floats in front, looking down into the water. They’re surrounded by water lilies and other flowers.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-275">A white duck with a yellow bill and wearing a red shawl and a blue bonnet walks down a autumnal forest lane, talking to a fox next to her. The fox is a head taller than the duck, and is wearing a grey jacket and knickerbockers, and a dark red waistcoat.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-276">A lady in a blue dress and white pinafore stands in a farmhouse doorway with one hand on the door, and shakes a plate towards the ground. At her feet are three white ducks and a flock of chickens, chicks, and ducklings.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-277">Jemima Puddle-duck stands in a barn in front of a wheelbarrow. A flock of chickens are looking at her, along with a couple of cows who peer through the wooden fence of their pen.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-278">Jemima Puddle-duck stands on a garden path next to a rhubarb patch and looks up at the boy standing next to her. Behind them is a garden wall with a beehive in a nook, a wrought iron gate, and through the gate the boy’s mother.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-279">Jemima Puddle-duck, wrapped up in her shawl and bonnet, looks up the hillside path. The path runs alongside a dry stone wall and some windswept trees.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-280">Jemima Puddle-duck stands at the top of the hill looking around her.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-281">Jemima Puddle-duck sprints down the hill with her bonnet pushed back off her head, her bill wide open and her wings spread wide wide.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-282">Jemima Puddle-duck flies through the air above the trees. A look of sheer delight is on her face.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-283">Jemima Puddle-duck stands next to a tall stand of pink foxgloves on a woodland path. Through the foxgloves we can see someone sitting and reading a newspaper. Their hands and feet are covered in reddish fur, and over the top of the newspaper we can see two furry pointy ears.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-284">Jemima Puddle-duck talks to the fox, who is sitting on a tree-stump. He is wearing a grey jacket and knickerbockers, and a dark red waistcoat, and is clutching his newspaper with both paws.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-285">Jemima Puddle-duck talks to the fox, who has stood up and is looking down at her. He looks sly, has his hands clasped behind his back, and his bushy red tail with a white tip is hanging down between his coattails.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-286">Jemima Puddle-duck follows the fox towards a forest hut made of sticks. There’s a piece of cloth covering half the roof, and an upside-down bucket forms the top of the chimney. In front of the house are more pink foxgloves.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-287">Jemima Puddle-duck has gone through the door of the woodshed and is inspecting the inside. Outside, the sly-looking fox has half closed the door with one paw, and is suppressing a snigger with the other.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-288">Jemima Puddle-duck is comfortably nesting in massive pile of feathers, with her bill resting on her breast. Through a gap in the boards that make up the wall behind her we can see the fox’s eye and long snout as he spies on Jemima.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-289">Jemima Puddle-duck pokes her head out of the woodshed to look at the fox, who is sitting outside on a fallen tree reading his newspaper.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-290">The fox, now not wearing his jacket and knickerbockers, paws at Jemima Puddle-duck’s eggs in their nest in his woodshed.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-291">Jemima Puddle-duck talks to the fox in front of a large white wooden gate.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-292">Jemima Puddle-duck sits in a farm-garden and pecks at the plants around her. Behind her are trellises with apple-trees growing along them.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-293">From the doorway of the kitchen Jemima Puddle-duck looks up at Kep, a brown collie with a white ruff and white feet. Kep is looking intently at two onions with long green stalks which are lying on the ground in front of Jemima.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-294">Kep stands looking at a pub called the “Tower Bank Arms.” In front of the pub are a pair of foxhounds, a horse harnessed to a cart, two men in hats inspecting the cart, and a cat looking at them.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-295">Jemima Puddle-duck trudges up a hill with a bag around her neck. Fronds of herbs are hanging out of the bag.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-296">Jemima Puddle-duck talks with the fox in front of the woodshed. Behind them, slightly up the hill, we can see Kep and the two foxhounds.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-297">Kep and the two foxhounds pad around the corner of the woodshed, behind the pink foxgloves.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-298">The dogs chase with open mouths through the undergrowth after the fox, whose tail and back legs we can just see to the right.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-299">Jemima Puddle-duck looks furious and is quacking at Kep, who has grabbed the woodshed door handle with his mouth and pulled it open. Inside the woodshed with wagging tails the foxhounds gobble down Jemima’s eggs.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-300">Jemima Puddle-duck walks forlornly down the path towards the stone farmhouse, followed by Kep. The foxhounds are alert and walk on in front of them.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-jemima-puddle-duck.xhtml#illustration-301">Jemima Puddle-duck stands in the farmyard with the farmhouse, three cows and a water butt in the distance behind her. At her feet at four little yellow ducklings.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-302">Two cats sit on rocking chairs in a wood-panelled living room, in front of a large cast iron oven built into a fireplace in the wall. The room is decorated with red and blue rugs and red velvet curtains, and jugs line the mantelpiece above the fireplace. The cat on the left is wearing a purple dress with a blue shawl and a purple bonnet, and is holding a folded umbrella. The cat on the right is wearing a blue dress, and sneezing into a large white handkerchief. To the very right is a large wooden barrel, from behind which a kitten is peeking out.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-303">A mother cat hauls a kitten by the scruff of its neck towards a small door in the wood panelling of a wall. On the other side in the dark another kitten peeks out.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-304"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha, dressed in a striped blue dress and white pinafore, stands on the stair landing and looks down the stairs with her green eyes wide.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-305">The two kittens emerge from the cupboard in the wall into the lit hallway.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-306">One kitten stands on a step, while the other kitten sits and holds both front paws over a ball of dough.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-307">Moppet’s tail and back paw stick out of the wooden barrel that she’s just dived into.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-308">Mittens’ tail pokes out of a large jar that stands next to some large bowls on a windowsill.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-309"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Ribby stands in the doorway to the house, having just rapped on the door with the handle of her black umbrella. She has ginger fur, large green-brown eyes, and is wearing a pink dress patterned with purple flowers, a black pinafore, a purple hat, and a thick blue shawl.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-310"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Ribby looks around the room, clutching her umbrella in front of her.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-311"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha has turned around on her chair and noticed the open cupboard door. Behind her, a kitten’s ears are poking out of the wooden barrel.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-312">The cats inspect the contents of a large wooden chest by the light of a candle, searching for kittens.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-313">The cats inspect the floorboards carefully.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-314"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Ribby grips Moppet by the scruff of her neck and pulls her out of the barrel.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-315">An old rat, wearing a blue dress, white pinafore and holding a white plate, scurries across the floor. The room is furnished with furniture in dark wood, bowls of flowers, and decorative plates.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-316"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha has a paw around the shoulders of a scared-looking Moppet, who is hugging her back. Behind them, <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Ribby inspects an opening in the wall.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-317">Mittens is standing in front of a large overturned jar. She clutches her paws to her chest and looks worried.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-318">A fat rat runs towards the stairs holding a plate with a slab of yellow butter. He is wearing yellow trousers and matching waistcoat, a green jacket, and brown leather shoes.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-319">A contented-looking terrier strolls down the road. It’s wearing a stripy jumper and carrying a basket in its mouth.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-320">Tom Kitten looks around the edge of a doorway.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-321">Tom Kitten, wearing his blue jacket, perches on the end of the oven grate and stares up the chimney. A thin wisp of smoke is curling up from the back of the range.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-322">Tom Kitten disappears up the chimney so that we can only see his tail.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-323">Tom Kitten stands on a ledge in the chimney, and looks down at the smoke rising up from the range.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-324">A chimney on which birds are sitting rises from the slate roof of a large house. In the distance, behind the gardens, a lane flanked with stone walls winds its way up the grassy hills.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-325">Tom Kitten crawls up the slanting chimney in the dark.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-326">Tom Kitten stares out from the darkness.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-327">Tom Kitten stands in the chimney and looks at a couple of mutton ribs lying on the floor. His fur and blue jacket are covered with soot.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-328">Tom Kitten disappears into a crack in the corner of the wall, with just with hind legs and tail showing.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-329">A door stands open between two attic rooms.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-330">Tom Kitten has fallen through a hole and landed on his back on a pile of rags. The fat rat is sitting to one side with his hands on his knees, and looks on in amazement.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-331">Tom Kitten sits on the pile of rags and looks worried.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-332">The fat rat has turned to his right, and is talking with the old rat who has appeared around the corner.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-333">Anna Maria rushes over to Tom Kitten with her hands raised. Samuel Whiskers remains sitting on the floor and watches the scene while picking at a piece of food that he is holding.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-334">Tom Kitten lies on the floor, trussed up with string so that he cannot move.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-335">Anna Maria crouches down to talk to Samuel Whiskers.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-336">At the top of the stairs, Samuel Whiskers rolls a wooden rolling-pin over an ornate red rug.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-337">Samuel Whiskers peers out of a small hole next to several pots of geraniums standing on a windowsill.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-338">Anna Maria leans over a large bowl of dough and pulls a bit off. In the background Moppet’s ears are poking out of the wooden barrel.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-339">Tom Kitten lies on the boards with his mouth open, still completely tied up in string. Behind him is the pile of rags, and in front is a large black spider.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-340">The rats lean over Tom Kitten and rub him with butter.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-341">The rats lean over Tom Kitten and start to encase him in pastry.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-342">The rats roll a rolling-pin up and down the hissing Tom Kitten, whose body is now fully encased in a tube of pastry.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-343">The rats stare up at the floorboards above them, leaving the rolling-pin leaning on Tom Kitten.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-344">Samuel Whiskers runs away, with his tail streaming out behind him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-345">A dog’s nose and paw poke in through a gap in the floorboards above Tom Kitten and the rolling-pin.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-346">John Joiner sniffs around under the floorboards. Next to him is his tool bag, out of which is spilling a hammer, a saw, a screwdriver and a small pile of nails.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-347"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha scrubs Tom Kitten clean of the dough in a bath of water while Moppet and Mittens look on. By the door to the house, <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Ribby offers John Joiner a pudding before he leaves.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-348">Anna Maria and Samuel Whiskers run down a lane between houses and stone walls. Anna Maria is pushing a wheelbarrow containing some parcels.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-349">Samuel Whiskers stands in the wheelbarrow and steadies a parcel that is attached to a rope. From the top of a stack of hay bales Anna Maria pulls on the other end of the rope.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-350"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha sits in her rocking-chair in front of the range with her paws in her lap. Her abandoned knitting lies at her feet.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-351">Farmer Potatoes looks around his barn. He is wearing a grey hat, grey jacket, brown trousers and black leather boots.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-352">Moppet sits on top of a stone wall and looks down at a couple of rats that are hiding under the ferns at the base. Another rat is running around in front of a couple of upturned flowerpots. In the background, Mittens walks along another wall with a rat in her mouth.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-353">One of the kittens is nailing a set of rat tails to a wooden door while the other looks on.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-354">Tom Kitten hisses and spits with all his fur standing on end at a shocked-looking rat that has popped out of a hole in the floorboards.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-samuel-whiskers.xhtml#illustration-355">A mouse, with big whiskers and a long tail curving off to the right.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-356">A man with a long white beard, wearing a brown suit with a brown flat cap and carrying a brown sack, walks down a garden path towards a red brick wall. Next to the path are flowerbeds and trees. Lettuces have been planted in the nearest bed, and from among them peek out a host of rabbits.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-357">Six bunnies lie asleep on their backs in a circle around the only surviving lettuce plant in the bed.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-358">Benjamin Bunny sits next to the entrance of the burrow in his red jacket and smokes a pipe. On the other side of the entrance sits Flopsy wearing a blue pinafore. A couple of the children are trying to play with her, while the rest run around and hide from each other.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-359">Benjamin with a basket and Flopsy with a string bag walk along a grassy path next to a fence. The Flopsy Bunnies run at their feet. On the other side of the fence, Peter Rabbit is digging in his vegetable garden.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-360">Benjamin pulls himself up on the fence to talk to Peter Rabbit, who gestures at his cabbage stalks that are missing their leaves. Behind him, his mother spreads her dress wide to conceal the cabbage leaves behind her, and a basket next to her is covering more cabbages.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-361">The Flopsy Bunnies run across a field towards a stone wall, followed by Benjamin Bunny.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-362">The Flopsy Bunnies cluster around a patch of yellowing lettuce and start munching.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-363">The Flopsy Bunnies have laid down on the grass and gone to sleep, one with a paper bag on its head.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-364">Thomasina Tittlemouse sniffs at a jam pot on which a black fly is sitting. Behind her lie a couple of sleeping bunnies on the grass.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-365">Benjamin Bunnie wakes up and pulls the paper bag up to look out at Thomasina Tittlemouse, who is now standing on the jam pot.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-366"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor sack is just visible as he empties grass mowings over the sleeping bunnies. The bunnies’ ears are poking out of the cut grass as Thomasina Tittlemouse dives into the jam pot.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-367"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor in his black boots stands above the pile of grass mowings. The bunnies’ ears are still poking out.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-368"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor carefully places the sleeping bunnies into his sack.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-369"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor stands on a stone wall overlooking a grass meadow and ties up the sack.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-370">Flopsy stands on her own on a wide grassy path and stares at a white farmhouse at the end.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-371">Benjamin is wringing his paws, while Flopsy covers her face and cries. In front of them lies the sack, which Thomasina Tittlemouse is standing up against. Through a small hole at the bottom of the bag a pair of bunny ears are poking out.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-372">The Flopsy Bunnies yawn and stretch, while Thomasina Tittlemouse tries to wake the last one asleep. Benjamin and Flopsy look through the contents of the sack; two turnips have already been pulled out.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-373">The Flopsy Bunnies look out over a flowerbed from underneath a rhododendron bush.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-374">The Flopsy Bunnies carefully follow <abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor as he walks under a rose trellis and down a path that runs between two flowerbeds.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-375">Benjamin and Flopsy stand on the path, watching <abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor turn the corner at the end. Next to them sit four of the Flopsy Bunnies, and two more peek out from behind the low box hedges which edge the path.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-376">The Flopsy Bunnies cluster around the flowerbeds filled with roses and the blue door of <abbr>Mr.</abbr> McGregor’s house.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-377">The Flopsy Bunnies stand up and listen in through the open window, which is surrounded by ivy growing up the walls.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-378">Two of the Flopsy Bunnies start to climb in through the open window. They’re slightly hidden behind a geranium with red flowers in a red flowerpot.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-379">Several of the Flopsy Bunnies look in through the open window, past the geranium, to the figure of <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> McGregor in the room.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-380">The youngest Flopsy Bunny, who is wearing a blue ribbon around their neck, is knocked from the brick windowsill by a flying vegetable, to the surprise of their two siblings below.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-381">Benjamin and Flopsy hurry back through the garden. Flopsy is carrying the youngest Flopsy Bunny, and the rest run after her. A robin looks down from the top of the rose trellis.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-the-flopsy-bunnies.xhtml#illustration-382">Thomasina Tittlemouse wears a warm fur coat, with a red ribbon tied around her head.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-383">Three kittens stare in through a paned window. On the inside are boxes and jars of sweets, and a set of scales.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-384">Three mice gather together in front of some glass jars. Another mouse is standing on its own on top of the furthest jar.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-385">A doll peers in through the paned window of a shop named “Ginger &amp; Pickles” while another stands to one side with her handbag.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-386">Inside the shop, a cat in a green dress and white pinafore and a dog in a brown jacket stand side by side behind the counter. Standing on a box in front of the counter and talking to the shop owners is a fat rat in a long green coat. A frog in a red jacket is sitting to his left, and four rabbits queue up to the right.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-387">Ginger stares over the counter at the three mice leaving with their shopping.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-388">Two mice stand outside the door, while the one inside points at three large boxes, labelled “Cream Crackers,” “Water Biscuits,” and “Oatmeal Wafers.”</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-389"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle the hedgehog stands in front of the counter and puts her shopping into her bag. Pickles notes down in his ledger what she’s bought.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-390">A set of scales stand next to an upturned box with “Till” written inside it and a book with “Ledger” written on the spine.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-391">Peter Rabbit walks through the door of Ginger &amp; Pickles carrying a basket. To the left of the door is a big sack of nuts, from which two red squirrels are helping themselves. In front of the window, Jemima Puddle-duck and a chicken in a black hat and coat are talking. Many ducklings and chicks are running around at their feet.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-392">Ginger and Pickles sit next to each other in the shop and eat, lit by a candle.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-393">Ginger and Pickles look through the open door of their shop at a policeman walking past.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-394">Two young girls in blue dresses each hold one arm of a policeman doll, and look down a lane at Pickles and the farmhouse beyond. The youngest girl is holding a teddy bear in her other hand.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-395">One rat, Samuel Whiskers, stands on a box and angrily points, while another rat, Anna Maria, stands behind him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-396">Ginger sits at a table covered in a red tablecloth and writes on some paper, while Pickles watches on. In front of the table is a box with a pile of papers on top of it. Looking through the window are the girls with the policeman doll and the teddy bear.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-397">The policeman leans against the counter and writes in his notebook.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-398">The policeman holds his notebook and sucks on his pencil thoughtfully, while leaning against a wooden barrel. Behind the desk next to him are just visible a pair of white paws, black ears, and a white-tipped black tail.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-399">Ginger and Pickles stare out of the doorway past a hedge and iron fence.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-400">Ginger reads the letter with a paw to his mouth, while Pickles stands next to him looking nervous.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-401">Pickles stands in the shop doorway while Ginger closes the window shutters.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-402">Ginger, dressed in a long coat, leaves a trap at the entrance to a warren. On the ground behind him are a pile of traps and snares. Three bunnies are visible on the other side of the rise.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-403">Pickles, dressed in a tan jacket and holding a rifle, carefully makes his way along a stone wall. Past the end, several bunnies can be seen in a field and at the bottom of a tree.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-404">All the village residents gather in front of the closed-up shop and chatter to each other while holding their shopping baskets.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-405">A horse stands hitched to a covered cart with large wheels and “<abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">T.</abbr> Baker” written on the side. Around it stand the Puddle-ducks, <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tabitha Twitchit and the three kittens, and Duchess the dog.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-406">A dormouse in a pink dress and white pinafore stands in a doorway underneath a sign that reads “<abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">J.</abbr> Dormouse.” The house is roofed with oak leaves, and has clover growing in front and up the walls. <abbr>Mr.</abbr> John Dormouse watches out of the window, with his reading glasses on his forehead, while five other dormice carry a long white candle down the path.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-407">Seven mice stand around a candle in a candlestick, which has drooped over so much that it is in danger of going out.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-408">The mice show the bent candle ends to Miss Dormouse, who has her hands on her hips.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-409">The mice have nominated one of them to complain to <abbr>Mr.</abbr> John Dormouse, who is tucked up in his four-poster bed with his glasses on.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-410">Peter Rabbit, Jemima Puddle-duck, <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle, Squirrel Nutkin and other animals all gather around a board leant up against a stone wall that has “Sale” written on it.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-411">Sally Henny Penny stands behind the counter of her somewhat cluttered show. The walls are lined with wooden drawers and cupboards, and the shop is full of barrels and biscuit tins. Samuel Whiskers is pulling a blue package from Sally Henny Penny’s claw, while Peter and Benjamin Bunny and <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle wait in the queue.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-412">Peter and Benjamin rummage through a barrel, the mice inspect some biscuits, Squirrel Nutkin opens one of the drawers, Jeremy Fisher walks around holding a parcel, and <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tiggy-winkle looks at a plate of eggs.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles.xhtml#illustration-413">The mice are playing with the set of scales. Two stand on each plate, while the fifth is checking the balance. In front of the scales lie two gold coins.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-414">Four bees with black, white and yellow stripes in an underground tunnel follow a mouse who is looking over her shoulder at them. The mouse is dressed in a blue dress with a red and white blouse, and is carrying a basket and a stick.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-415">A mouse stands in the doorway to her house, which is surrounded by moss and succulent leaves. She is wearing a red and white striped blouse under a white pinafore, and is clasping her paws together.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-416">In a tunnel underground, <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse opens a wooden door set into the wall.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-417"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse lies under a pink blanket in a bed built into a niche in the wall. The bed has blue curtains that can be pulled across. On the floor are her brown leather shoes and a red dustpan and brush, while her dress hangs from a hook on the wall.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-418">A black beetle scurries aware from <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse, who is holding her dustpan and brush.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-419"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse, sweeping the entrance to her burrow, warily eyes up a red ladybird with black spots that is near the end of the tunnel.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-420"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse peers out of the end of her burrow at a brown spider with long legs and a blue umbrella.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-421">The spider clings to a thread of silk attached next to the window that <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse has just thrown it out of.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-422"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse creeps down a tunnel holding her covered basket.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-423"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse brandishes her basket at a yellow, black and white striped bee, which looks worried.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-424"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse peers around a corner of the tunnel at Babbitty Bumble as she walks away.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-425">The bees peek out of the moss that fills the entire tunnel. <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse starts pulling at the moss.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-426"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jackson sits in front of a fire in a rocking chair, while <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse approaches from behind, clasping her paws together.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-427"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jackson is a large toad. He is wearing brown shoes, brown trousers, a grey waistcoat, and a long purple jacket.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-428"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jackson sits at a table covered with a white tablecloth and blue and white plates and cups. <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse leans over to offer him a cherrystone from a platter.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-429"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jackson leans back in his chair and puffs at the thistledown floating around the room. On the table in front of him is a plate with several more.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-430"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse wipes up wet footmarks with a green cloth, while in the background <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jackson inspects the contents of a cupboard.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-431"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jackson’s large body fills the tunnel he’s walking down, while <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse follows closely behind.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-432">Two woodlice crawl up a wall in between a plate rack and a vase of flowers, while another lies on its back on the countertop.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-433">A red admiral butterfly sits on a bowl of sugar cubes. The bowl white with a pink rim, and is decorated with a floral pattern.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-434"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jackson shies away from Babbity Bumble, nearly crushing <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse behind him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-435"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse inspects her stock of hazelnuts.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-436"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse wedges a stick into place across the top of her now considerably smaller front door.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-437"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse sleeps in her rocking chair, with her paws in her lap.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-438">Standing next to a counter top, <abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse carefully polishes each of her tin spoons in turn with a yellow cloth.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-439">Several mice, wearing dresses of many different colours, dance while holding their tails up so that they don’t trip over them. In the background, another mouse wearing a burgundy jacket watches them. Through the window we can just see <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jackson’s eye peering in.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse.xhtml#illustration-440"><abbr>Mrs.</abbr> Tittlemouse passes around acorn-cups to the other mice, who drink from them. One mouse in a green jacket hands another acorn through the window to <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Jackson outside.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-441">Two grey squirrels, one in a red jacket and one in a pink dress, hold orange bags and inspect the base of a tree.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-442">The squirrel in the red coat climbs down a branch on all fours, with his fluffy tail held over his back. The other squirrel looks on from inside a nest on the top of the neighbouring tree.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-443">Goody stands in the entrance to their nest, and pushes a piece of moss into the wall.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-444">Timmy takes off his jacket and moves to hang it on a tree, while Goody looks at the ground, which is covered with low plants. In the clearing behind them several more grey squirrels can be seen.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-445">Timmy investigates a hollow at the base of a tree, while Goody looks on from the crook of the branches above him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-446">Timmy stands on a thin branch and carefully places a nut in a hole in a tree. On the branch below Goody is ready to pass him another nut from her bag.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-447">Squirrels who are searching and digging cover the forest floor.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-448">Squirrels search all over a wide grassy meadow.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-449">Timmy and Goody tie up two big sacks of nuts under the shade of a tree. In the background a couple of squirrels watch on, as a bird flies past.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-450">Six squirrels chase Timmy across the floor of a forest of large leafy trees.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-451">Timmy’s back legs and tail are sticking out of the hole in the tree that earlier he had been putting nuts in. On the branches around him sit the other grey squirrels.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-452">Timmy has been squeezed through the hole, and is lying inside the tree on a large pile of nuts.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-453">Goody stands on the top branch of a tree. She holds on to a leaf stalk with her left hand to steady herself, and uses her right hand to shade her eyes while looking for Timmy.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-454">Timmy lies in a wooden bed, covered in moss, with just his head, paws and tail sticking out. Next to him, a chipmunk holds up a little lamp that’s lighting up the space.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-455">Timmy lies in the moss bed wearing the white nightcap, wile the Chipmunk offers him a nut.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-456">Goody walks on the forest floor, holding an empty sack and looking at the ground.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-457">Goody, still holding the sack, talks to the Chipmunk, who is wearing a blue dress and a white apron.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-458">Goody stands on the tree branch and points questioningly at the hole in the tree that Timmy had squeezed through. On the next branch down, the Chipmunk gestures with her arms held out wide.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-459">Goody and the Chipmunk stand on the forest floor next to a large rock and discuss plans.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-460">Goody stands on the branch and talks to Timmy, who has managed to squeeze his head through the hole in the tree.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-461">Goody and Timmy walk down the trunk of the fallen-down tree, sheltering from the rain under a green umbrella. In the background, Chippy Hackee is standing in the trunk of the broken tree.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-462">Chippy Hackee sits in his now open tree hole, with is nightcap on and a small pile of nuts at his feet. His wife looks over the top of the broken wall and pokes Chippy Hackee with a twig, while sheltering under an umbrella made from a leaf.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-463">Chippy Hackee looks over the top of his broken-off tree trunk at a big brown bear who is walking among the trees in the distance.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-464">The bear stands on its hind legs and peeks into the hole in the tree. The Chipmunks run down the broken tree trunk and away from the bear.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-465">Chippy Hackee sits on a chair wrapped in a warm blanket with his feet in a bucket of hot water, and blows his nose into a white handkerchief. Next to him is a red jug and a tin of mustard. In the background, his wife is stirring something in a bowl.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-466">Timmy stands by the door of their house built into a tree. One branch down, Goody holds a baby squirrel while swinging two more in a little hammock.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-timmy-tiptoes.xhtml#illustration-467">A little bird chirps at the Chipmunks, who brandish the now-broken umbrella at it.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-468">A fox in a brown jacket, white cravat, and holding a cane, stands in a wood-panelled room that has a couple of paintings of hunting scenes on the wall.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-469">Five rabbits peek over a stone wall at the fox in the field in the distance.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-470"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod sits under a willow on the far shore of a lake where several ducks are swimming.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-471">Tommy Brock, a badger, digs at the base of a bank with his paws. A little further away a spade is lying against the bank.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-472">Tommy Brock sits on a bank, and watches <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod slink past in the distance.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-473">Tommy Brock leans on his spade at the bottom of a bank covered in saplings.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-474"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Bouncer stands outside the burrow, that is sheltering four little rabbit-babies.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-475"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Bouncer sits on the bank and chats with Tommy Brock. He’s wearing a striped blue shirt, and a tan apron. Tommy is wearing tan trousers, a red waistcoat and a blue jacket, and his spade and other gear lie beside him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-476"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Bouncer and Tommy Brock sit in wicker chairs in the burrow, next to a pile of cabbages.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-477">Benjamin Bunny looks out of the entrance of the burrow, while Flopsy reaches out to grab the ears of <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Bouncer who shies away.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-478">In a woodland copse, Tommy Brock carries his spade and a bulging sack, while inspecting a snare that’s been set between a patch of bluebells and the path.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-479">Benjamin Bunny stands among tall grass, looking at the house made of sticks, with a broken bucket for a chimney.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-480">Peter Rabbit stands with his ears pricked up in a field between two stands of trees.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-481">Peter Rabbit and Benjamin Bunny talk together, next to a snare stuck in the ground.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-482">Benjamin Bunny gestures to Peter Rabbit from the mossy top of a low stone wall, between the field and the woods. The mole trap is fastened into the ground between them.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-483">Peter Rabbit and Benjamin Bunny walk up a steep hill towards some trees.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-484">Peter Rabbit and Benjamin Bunny reach Cottontail and her children who are sitting near her feet.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-485">Benjamin Bunny and Peter Rabbit squeeze down a thin track between some rocks.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-486">A dark cave entrance is surrounded by trees and fallen rocks.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-487">A dark kitchen, with a fireplace and wooden countertops. Pots and pans are hanging from the wall, and a jug in a bowl is on the table.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-488">A wooden chair stands behind a table set with a plate, cutlery, cups and condiments.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-489">Peter Rabbit and Benjamin Bunny peer in through the low window set into the stone wall of the house.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-490">The rabbits discuss what to do next, in the darkness next to the window.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-491">In the dark kitchen, the light of the moon falls on the shut door of the large oven.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-492">From inside the kitchen the rabbits can be seen at the window peering in.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-493">The two rabbits dive into a hole between two rocks on a hillside.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-494"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod sits panting next to long grass and plants. In the distance the sun rises over the hills.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-495"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod walks up the open hillside towards the edge of the trees.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-496"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod strolls through the open forest, wearing a tan jacket and carrying a walking cane.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-497"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod enters his kitchen, looking worried.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-498"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod walks from his kitchen to the next room, clutching his paws in anger.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-499"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod pokes his head through his bedroom doorway and looks shocked and angry at what he says: Tommy Brock, asleep and snoring in his bed, without even having taken his shoes off.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-500"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod pays the clothes line out of the bedroom window.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-501"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod walks quickly down a forest path.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-502">Tommy Brock lies in <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod’s bed underneath a warm blanket.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-503"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod next to his bed and attaches the clothes line to the ceiling, so that the end of it, with its attached hook, is hanging down directly over the sleeping Tommy Brock.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-504"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod walks towards the sleeping Tommy Brock, holding a bucket of water behind his back.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-505">Tommy Brock lies in bed, looking up at the bucket of water hung over his head by a clothes line that reaches to the window.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-506"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod stands on a chair at the head of the bed, inspecting the bucket and the “sleeping” Tommy Brock.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-507"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod walks out of the front door, with his big fluffy tail behind him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-508">Tommy Brock sits up in bed and looks at clothes line heading out of the window.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-509"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod gnaws at the clothes line that has been tied to a tree outside.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-510"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod sits outside with the broken end of the line hanging from his mouth. The rest of the line trails into the house through the window.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-511"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod climbs up on to the window frame and peers in.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-512"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod walks off around a large rock.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-513"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod walks through his kitchen door and is immediately greeted by the grinning Tommy Brock, who is sitting at the set table holding a plate and a cup of tea.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-514">Benjamin Bunny and Peter Rabbit stand on a past between two rocks.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-515">The rabbits stand next to <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod’s window and gesture at each other.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-516"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod and Tommy Brock tussle with each other outside the house.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-517"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod and Tommy Brock snarl at each other from either side of a stone wall.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-518">Tommy Brock, fighting with <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Tod, has got him on his back. The furniture in the house has been smashed, and a large kettle lies on the floor with its lid off. The rabbits are hiding around the corner of the hallway.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-519"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Bouncer is crouching to the side of his wicker chair, while Flopsy walks off with his pipe and tobacco.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-520">Flopsy sweeps the floor and ignores <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Bouncer who is still crouching to the side of his wicker chair.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-521">Peter Rabbit and Benjamin Bunny run down a grassy slope, carrying a brown sack between them.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-522"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Bouncer has returned to his chair, Peter Rabbit is holding his pipe, and Benjamin Bunny and Flopsy are cuddling the baby rabbits.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-mr-tod.xhtml#illustration-523">The rabbits eat a meal at the dining table, while the baby rabbits sleep in a big circular bed next to them.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-524">Two pigs talk to each other, while walking away from a crossroads and down a country lane, carrying red parcels. The pig on the left is wearing yellow shorts, a blue and white waistcoat, a blue tie and a red jacket. The pig on the right is wearing yellow shorts, a red and white waistcoat, a blue tie and a green jacket.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-525">A flock of eight piglets follow an pig wearing a dress and bonnet who’s carrying a couple of buckets towards a slop trough. In the background a long wall stands in front of trees and a house.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-526">Stumpy, the piglet with a very small tail, runs past four hens.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-527">Alexander the piglet has wedged himself into the food trough and is squealing at his siblings.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-528">A piglet lies in a basket on some clothes, next to a large bucket.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-529">Yock-yock floats on her back in a large wooden washtub.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-530">Three piglets munch away at the plants in a vegetable garden.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-531">Aunt Pettitoes stands through a field carrying two large buckets. She is wearing a blue and white striped dress, a blue-grey apron, and a blue and white cap. At her feet the eight piglets busily eat from the slop trough.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-532">Two piglets are being pulled in a wheelbarrow by a farm worker, following the rest in a farm cart through the farm gates. A pair of cows, and a small flock of chickens look on.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-533">Aunt Pettitoes fastens a cravat around the neck of Pigling Bland, who is dressed in yellow knickerbockers and a red jacket and is looking proud. Behind him stands Alexander in a green jacket, and in front, Spot, who is wearing a purple dress, blows her nose on a white handkerchief. Three geese, two chickens and a border collie watch on.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-534">Pigling Bland shakes the foot of a chicken standing on an upturned pan.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-535">The narrator pulls open Pigling Bland’s jacket with one hand while holding a piece of paper with the other.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-536">Alexander prances around the farmyard followed by chickens, while Aunt Pettitoes lectures a serious-looking Pigling Bland.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-537">Alexander and Pigling Bland walk away from Aunt Pettitoes and the narrator while waving goodbye.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-538">Alexander and Pigling Bland sit on the edge of a field next to a wooded hill, and eat the sandwiches prepared for them from a red and white picnic cloth.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-539">A policemen blocks the tree-lined path and checks the piglet’s papers.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-540">A dejected Pigling Bland watches as the policemen leads Alexander away down the hill.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-541">Alexander follows the policeman up the garden path, past the cabbages, towards the farmhouse.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-542">Pigling Bland walks past a signpost down a road towards a wide gate.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-543">Pigling Bland runs along a hillside road holding out a piece of paper.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-544">Pigling Bland stands on a small grassy path in an open forest.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-545">Pigling Bland walks sadly towards a shed under the light of a full moon.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-546">A hand holding a lamp is thrust into the hen house, lighting up a host of sleepy-looking grey, yellow, white, and brown hens, and, underneath a shelf, the crouching form of Pigling Bland.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-547">An old man holds a large hamper that is resting on the floor. Pigling Bland watches on while standing next to a kettle on a stove.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-548"><abbr>Mr.</abbr> Piperson has taken his shoes off, and thrown one across the room at the wall.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-549">Pigling Bland sits on one side of the room on a stool, while <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Piperson stands working on the other side.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-550">Pigling Bland sits on a stool in front of the warm fire eating porridge from a blue bowl.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-551">Pigling Bland stands by the side of the farmhouse. A cart with a basket on the back is just visible around the corner.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-552">Pigling Bland looks out of the open kitchen doorway, while wiping a plate with a white tea towel.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-553">Pigling Bland peers through the doorway. On the wall are a pair of shelves, and to the other side a side table with a basket.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-554">Pigling Bland walks up to a closed door and listens attentively.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-555">While Pigling Bland eats his bowl of porridge in front of the fire, another piglet peeks in the door behind him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-556">Pig-wig, a black pig in a blue dress, stands next to Pigling Bland and gestures at his bowl.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-557">Pigling Bland ladles some porridge into a bowl from a cooking pot standing on a three-legged stool.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-558">Pig-wig sits on a tall wooden chair, next to a cabinet on which is standing a vase of blue flowers.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-558">Both the pigs sit on their own three-legged stools in front of the fire and talk to each other.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-560">Pig-wig sits on the floor, resting one arm on the three-legged stool, and closes her eyes.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-561">Pigling Bland has moved closer to the fire and warms his trotters, while Pig-wig lies sleeping on the hearthrug wrapped up in an antimacassar.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-562">Pigling Black and Pig-wig walk hand in hand out of the front door of <abbr>Mr.</abbr> Piperson’s house.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-563">Pigling Bland and Pig-wig walk away from the farmhouse in the pre-dawn light.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-564">As the sun rises from behind the hill, Pig-wig takes Pigling Bland’s arm and points out town in the bottom of the valley.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-565">Pig-wig holds the hem of her dress up with one hand, as she skips and dances at the top of the path that leads down into the valley. Pigling Bland has sat himself on a rock on the side of the path and watches her.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-566">Pig-wig and Pigling Bland peek around the edge of a bush at two horses pulling a plough.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-567">Pig-wig and Pigling Bland have stopped in the road as a horse and cart approaches. The driver is reading a newspaper.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-568">Pig-wig and Pigling Bland, with walking stick, walk arm-in-arm down the road trying to look as elderly as possible.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-569">Pig-wig and Pigling Bland stare up at the cart, next to a big wheel and the end of a trailing whip.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-570">Pigling Bland and Pig-wig stand by the side of the cart as the grocer, dressed in a white coat and straw hat, inspects their papers. The cart horse has leaned around to look at them.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-571">Pigling Bland holds up his papers while standing by the horse’s legs. Pig-wig watches on, looking worried.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-572">Pigling Bland and Pig-wig stand hand in hand, watching the cart drive away up the hill.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-573">Pigling Bland and Pig-wig sprint down the path on the grassy hill.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-574">Pigling Bland and Pig-wig run across a stone bridge crossing a rocky river.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-pigling-bland.xhtml#illustration-575">Pig-wig and Pigling Bland dance a jig in front of a crossroads and three watching rabbits.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-576">A brown mouse who is not wearing anything stands on a table and pours a glass of water for another brown mouse from a blue and white jug. The other mouse is wearing tan trousers, a white shirt, and a light blue jacket with ruffed wrists.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-577">A mouse sits in a flowerbed next to a path, and watches a large wicker hamper that sits just inside a wrought iron gate set between two stone walls.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-578">Timmy Willie lies sleeping in a mostly empty pea pod.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-579">A brown cart horse with a white nose has been hitched to a covered two-wheel cart and stands in a country lane between stone walls. Three white ducks walk past in front.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-580">The cart has pulled in to a courtyard, and the driver is handing over a hamper to a lady wearing a pink dress and white pinafore. Two small brown dogs play behind the cart.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-581">The lady kneels downs to open the hamper and inspect the contents.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-582">Timmy Willie sprints towards a small hole in the skirting board with his tail flying out behind him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-583">Timmy Willie crouches on a table set with a clean white tablecloth, cutlery, plates and glasses. The mice around the table, all of whom are dressed in expensive looking jackets and shirts, have stood up and look shocked.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-584">The mice have taken their places at the table again, and Timmy Willie has been found his own place.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-585">Timmy Willie stands up in his chair looking worried and insignificant. Another mouse hands him a plate of food.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-586">Two mice sprint across the hallway flagstones carrying plates of food. A cat stares at them through the doorway to the hall.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-587">The cat stands on its hind legs and checks behind a yellow cushion on a red sofa. The room is decorated with a blue rug and a pale curtain with a flower pattern and red trim.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-588">A group of mice in jackets walk towards the bottom of the red-carpeted stairs.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-589">Timmy Willie sits in his nest sorting wheat from chaff with a sieve. Next to him are a couple of full sacks, a jug, and a basket. Through the entrance to the burrow a robin stares in.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-590">Timmy Willie stands in a flowerbed and shelters under a large leaf that he’s holding like an umbrella.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-591">In the coal cellar Johnny Town-mouse gestures to Timmy Willie, who has his head in his hands.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-592">The lady lifts the hamper into the back of the carriage while the cat looks on.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-593">Timmy Willie waves out of the hamper he’s just climbed into at the four mice leaning over the edge and looking at him.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-594">Timmy Willie touches the corner of the wicker hamper.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-595">Timmy Willie sits at the entrance to his burrow looking out over the fields and rolling hills. Next to him a small picnic basket has been unpacked.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-596">Timmy Willie and Johnny Town-mouse sit on little red stools in his burrow, holding knives and forks. In between them is a table made of a piece of branch, on which is a white plate with a herb pudding.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-597">Timmy Willie holds a blue jug with a white stripe, and watches the highland cattle in the next field.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-598">Johnny Town-mouse runs out of a house carrying a suitcase and his hat. In the kitchen a maid has emptied out a cupboard, and four kittens play with each other around the table.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-599">Timmy Willie walks down a little path between tufts of grass with a sack slung over his shoulder. In the background, in front of some large trees, a man is mowing the lawn.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-600">Timmy Willie and Johnny Town-mouse site next to each other and feast on ears of corn.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-601">Timmy Willie holds a daisy and waves it at the departing cart.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
				<li>
					<p>
						<a href="the-tale-of-johnny-town-mouse.xhtml#illustration-602">Timmy Willie finishes eating a strawberry while holding a strawberry leaf and sitting next to another strawberry that is nearly as big as he is.</a>
					</p>
				</li>
			</ol>
		</nav>
	</body>
</html>
