<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<article id="the-tale-of-mrs-tiggy-winkle" epub:type="se:short-story">
			<header>
				<h2 epub:type="title">The Tale of Mrs. Tiggy-Winkle</h2>
				<blockquote epub:type="dedication">
					<p>For<br/>
					the real little Lucie<br/>
					of Newlands</p>
				</blockquote>
			</header>
			<p>Once upon a time there was a little girl called Lucie, who lived at a farm called Little-town. She was a good little girl—only she was always losing her pocket-handkerchiefs!</p>
			<p>One day little Lucie came into the farm-yard crying—oh, she did cry so! "I've lost my pocket-handkin! Three handkins and a pinny! Have <i>you</i> seen them, Tabby Kitten?"</p>
			<p>The Kitten went on washing her white paws; so Lucie asked a speckled hen—</p>
			<p>"Sally Henny-penny, have <i>you</i> found three pocket-handkins?"</p>
			<p>But the speckled hen ran into a barn, clucking—</p>
			<p>"I go barefoot, barefoot, barefoot!"</p>
			<p>And then Lucie asked Cock Robin sitting on a twig.</p>
			<p>Cock Robin looked sideways at Lucie with his bright black eye, and he flew over a stile and away.</p>
			<p>Lucie climbed upon the stile and looked up at the hill behind Little-town—a hill that goes up—up—into the clouds as though it had no top!</p>
			<p>And a great way up the hill-side she thought she saw some white things spread upon the grass.</p>
			<p>Lucie scrambled up the hill as fast as her stout legs would carry her; she ran along a steep path-way—up and up—until Little-town was right away down below—she could have dropped a pebble down the chimney!</p>
			<p>Presently she came to a spring, bubbling out from the hill-side.</p>
			<p>Some one had stood a tin can upon a stone to catch the water—but the water was already running over, for the can was no bigger than an egg-cup! And where the sand upon the path was wet—there were foot-marks of a <i>very</i> small person.</p>
			<p>Lucie ran on, and on.</p>
			<p>The path ended under a big rock. The grass was short and green, and there were clothes—props cut from bracken stems, with lines of plaited rushes, and a heap of tiny clothes pins—but no pocket-handkerchiefs!</p>
			<p>But there was something else—a door! straight into the hill; and inside it some one was singing—</p>
			<div class="center">
				<table border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" summary="Washing song">
					<tr>
						<td align="left">"Lily-white and clean, oh!</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td align="left">
							<span style="margin-left: .5em;">With little frills between, oh!</span>
						</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td align="left">
							<span style="margin-left: 2em;">Smooth and hot—red rusty spot</span>
						</td>
					</tr>
					<tr>
						<td align="left">
							<span style="margin-left: .5em;">Never here be seen, oh!"</span>
						</td>
					</tr>
				</table>
			</div>
			<p>Lucie, knocked—once—twice, and interrupted the song. A little frightened voice called out "Who's that?"</p>
			<p>Lucie opened the door: and what do you think there was inside the hill?—a nice clean kitchen with a flagged floor and wooden beams—just like any other farm kitchen. Only the ceiling was so low that Lucie's head nearly touched it; and the pots and pans were small, and so was everything there.</p>
			<p>There was a nice hot singey smell; and at the table, with an iron in her hand stood a very stout short person staring anxiously at Lucie.</p>
			<p>Her print gown was tucked up, and she was wearing a large apron over her striped petticoat. Her little black nose went sniffle, sniffle, snuffle, and her eyes went twinkle, twinkle; and underneath her cap—where Lucie had yellow curls—that little person had PRICKLES!</p>
			<p>"Who are you?" said Lucie. "Have you seen my pocket-handkins?"</p>
			<p>The little person made a bob-curtsey—"Oh, yes, if you please'm; my name is Mrs. Tiggy-winkle; oh, yes if you please'm, I'm an excellent clear-starcher!" And she took something out of a clothes-basket, and spread it on the ironing-blanket.</p>
			<p>"What's that thing?" said Lucie—"that's not my pocket-handkin?"</p>
			<p>"Oh no, if you please'm; that's a little scarlet waist-coat belonging to Cock Robin!"</p>
			<p>And she ironed it and folded it, and put it on one side.</p>
			<p>Then she took something else off a clothes-horse—</p>
			<p>"That isn't my pinny?" said Lucie.</p>
			<p>"Oh no, if you please'm; that's a damask table-cloth belonging to Jenny Wren; look how it's stained with currant wine! It's very bad to wash!" said Mrs. Tiggy-winkle.</p>
			<p>Mrs. Tiggy-winkle's nose went sniffle, sniffle, snuffle, and her eyes went twinkle, twinkle; and she fetched another hot iron from the fire.</p>
			<p>"There's one of my pocket-handkins!" cried Lucie—"and there's my pinny!"</p>
			<p>Mrs. Tiggy-winkle ironed it, and goffered it, and shook out the frills.</p>
			<p>"Oh that <i>is</i> lovely!" said Lucie.</p>
			<p>"And what are those long yellow things with fingers like gloves?"</p>
			<p>"Oh, that's a pair of stockings belonging to Sally Henny-penny—look how she's worn the heels out with scratching in the yard! She'll very soon go barefoot!" said Mrs. Tiggy-winkle.</p>
			<p>"Why, there's another handkersniff—but it isn't mine; it's red?"</p>
			<p>"Oh no, if you please'm; that one belongs to old Mrs. Rabbit; and it <i>did</i> so smell of onions! I've had to wash it separately, I can't get out the smell."</p>
			<p>"There's another one of mine," said Lucie.</p>
			<p>"What are those funny little white things?"</p>
			<p>"That's a pair of mittens belonging to Tabby Kitten; I only have to iron them; she washes them herself."</p>
			<p>"There's my last pocket-handkin!" said Lucie.</p>
			<p>"And what are you dipping into the basin of starch?"</p>
			<p>"They're little dicky shirt-fronts belonging to Tom Titmouse—most terrible particular!" said Mrs. Tiggy-winkle. "Now I've finished my ironing; I'm going to air some clothes."</p>
			<p>"What are these dear soft fluffy things?" said Lucie.</p>
			<p>"Oh those are woolly coats belonging to the little lambs at Skelghyl."</p>
			<p>"Will their jackets take off?" asked Lucie.</p>
			<p>"Oh yes, if you please'm; look at the sheep-mark on the shoulder. And here's one marked for Gatesgarth, and three that come from Little-town. They're <i>always</i> marked at washing!" said Mrs. Tiggy-winkle.</p>
			<p>And she hung up all sorts and sizes of clothes—small brown coats of mice; and one velvety black moleskin waist-coat; and a red tailcoat with no tail belonging to Squirrel Nutkin; and a very much shrunk blue jacket belonging to Peter Rabbit; and a petticoat, not marked, that had gone lost in the washing—and at last the basket was empty!</p>
			<p>"Then Mrs. Tiggy-winkle made tea—a cup for herself and a cup for Lucie. They sat before the fire on a bench and looked sideways at one another. Mrs. Tiggy-winkle's hand, holding the tea-cup, was very very brown, and very very wrinkly with the soap-suds; and all through her gown and her cap, there were <i>hair-pins</i> sticking wrong end out; so that Lucie didn't like to sit too near her.</p>
			<p>When they had finished tea, they tied up the clothes in bundles; and Lucie's pocket-handkerchiefs were folded up inside her clean pinny, and fastened with a silver safety-pin.</p>
			<p>And then they made up the fire with turf, and came out and locked the door, and hid the key under the door-sill.</p>
			<p>Then away down the hill trotted Lucie and Mrs. Tiggy-winkle with the bundles of clothes!</p>
			<p>All the way down the path little animals came out of the fern to meet them; the very first that they met were Peter Rabbit and Benjamin Bunny!</p>
			<p>And she gave them their nice clean clothes; and all the little animals and birds were so very much obliged to dear Mrs. Tiggy-winkle.</p>
			<p>So that at the bottom of the hill when they came to the stile, there was nothing left to carry except Lucie's one little bundle.</p>
			<p>Lucie scrambled up the stile with the bundle in her hand; and then she turned to say "Good-night," and to thank the washer-woman—But what a <i>very</i> odd thing! Mrs. Tiggy-winkle had not waited either for thanks or for the washing bill!</p>
			<p>She was running running running up the hill—and where was her white frilled cap? and her shawl? and her gown—and her petticoat?</p>
			<p>And <i>how</i> small she had grown—and <i>how</i> brown—and covered with PRICKLES!</p>
			<p>Why! Mrs. Tiggy-winkle was nothing but a HEDGEHOG.</p>
			<hr style="width: 45%;"/>
			<div class="blockquot">
				<p>(Now some people say that little Lucie had been asleep upon the stile—but then how could she have found three clean pocket-handkins and a pinny, pinned with a silver safety-pin?</p>
				<p>And besides—<i>I</i> have seen that door into the back of the hill called Cat Bells—and besides <i>I</i> am very well acquainted with dear Mrs. Tiggy-winkle!)</p>
			</div>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
