<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<article id="the-tale-of-squirrel-nutkin" epub:type="se:short-story">
			<h2 epub:type="title">The Tale of Squirrel Nutkin</h2>
			<p>This is a Tale about a tail⁠—a tail that belonged to a little red squirrel, and his name was Nutkin.</p>
			<p>He had a brother called Twinkleberry, and a great many cousins: they lived in a wood at the edge of a lake.</p>
			<p>In the middle of the lake there is an island covered with trees and nut bushes; and amongst those trees stands a hollow oak-tree, which is the house of an owl who is called Old Brown.</p>
			<p>One autumn when the nuts were ripe, and the leaves on the hazel bushes were golden and green⁠—Nutkin and Twinkleberry and all the other little squirrels came out of the wood, and down to the edge of the lake.</p>
			<p>They made little rafts out of twigs, and they paddled away over the water to Owl Island to gather nuts.</p>
			<p>Each squirrel had a little sack and a large oar, and spread out his tail for a sail.</p>
			<p>They also took with them an offering of three fat mice as a present for Old Brown, and put them down upon his door-step.</p>
			<p>Then Twinkleberry and the other little squirrels each made a low bow, and said politely⁠—</p>
			<p>‘Old Mr. Brown, will you favour us with permission to gather nuts upon your island?’</p>
			<p>But Nutkin was excessively impertinent in his manners. He bobbed up and down like a little red <i>cherry</i>, singing⁠—</p>
			<p>
				<span style="margin-left: 2em;">‘Riddle me, riddle me, rot-tot-tote!</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">A little wee man, in a red red coat!</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">A staff in his hand, and a stone in his throat;</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">If you’ll tell me this riddle, I’ll give you a groat.’</span>
				<br/>
			</p>
			<p>Now this riddle is as old as the hills; Mr. Brown paid no attention whatever to Nutkin.</p>
			<p>He shut his eyes obstinately and went to sleep.</p>
			<p>The squirrels filled their little sacks with nuts, and sailed away home in the evening.</p>
			<p>But next morning they all came back again to Owl Island; and Twinkleberry and the others brought a fine fat mole, and laid it on the stone in front of Old Brown’s doorway, and said⁠—</p>
			<p>‘Mr. Brown, will you favour us with your gracious permission to gather some more nuts?’</p>
			<p>But Nutkin, who had no respect, began to dance up and down, tickling old Mr. Brown with a <i>nettle</i> and singing⁠—</p>
			<p>
				<span style="margin-left: 2em;">‘Old Mr. B! Riddle-me-ree!</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">Hitty Pitty within the wall,</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">Hitty Pitty without the wall;</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">If you touch Hitty Pitty,</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">Hitty Pitty will bite you!’</span>
				<br/>
			</p>
			<p>Mr. Brown woke up suddenly and carried the mole into his house.</p>
			<p>He shut the door in Nutkin’s face. Presently a little thread of blue <i>smoke</i> from a wood fire came up from the top of the tree, and Nutkin peeped through the key-hole and sang⁠—</p>
			<p>
				<span style="margin-left: 2em;">‘A house full, a hole full!</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">And you cannot gather a bowl-full!’</span>
				<br/>
			</p>
			<p>The squirrels searched for nuts all over the island and filled their little sacks.</p>
			<p>But Nutkin gathered oak-apples⁠—yellow and scarlet⁠—and sat upon a beech-stump playing marbles, and watching the door of old Mr. Brown.</p>
			<p>On the third day the squirrels got up very early and went fishing; they caught seven fat minnows as a present for Old Brown.</p>
			<p>They paddled over the lake and landed under a crooked chestnut tree on Owl Island.</p>
			<p>Twinkleberry and six other little squirrels each carried a fat minnow; but Nutkin, who had no nice manners, brought no present at all. He ran in front, singing⁠—</p>
			<p>
				<span style="margin-left: 2em;">‘The man in the wilderness said to me,</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2em;">‘How many strawberries grow in the sea?’</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">I answered him as I thought good⁠—</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">‘As many red herrings as grow in the wood.”</span>
				<br/>
			</p>
			<p>But old Mr. Brown took no interest in riddles⁠—not even when the answer was provided for him.</p>
			<p>On the fourth day the squirrels brought a present of six fat beetles, which were as good as plums in <i>plum-pudding</i> for Old Brown. Each beetle was wrapped up carefully in a dock-leaf, fastened with a pine-needle pin.</p>
			<p>But Nutkin sang as rudely as ever⁠—</p>
			<p>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">‘Old Mr. B! riddle-me-ree</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 3em;">Flour of England, fruit of Spain,</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 3em;">Met together in a shower of rain;</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 3em;">Put in a bag tied round with a string,</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2em;">If you’ll tell me this riddle, I’ll give you a ring!’</span>
				<br/>
			</p>
			<p>Which was ridiculous of Nutkin, because he had not got any ring to give to Old Brown.</p>
			<p>The other squirrels hunted up and down the nut bushes; but Nutkin gathered robin’s pincushions off a briar bush, and stuck them full of pine-needle pins.</p>
			<p>On the fifth day the squirrels brought a present of wild honey; it was so sweet and sticky that they licked their fingers as they put it down upon the stone. They had stolen it out of a bumble <i>bees’</i> nest on the tippitty top of the hill.</p>
			<p>But Nutkin skipped up and down, singing⁠—</p>
			<p>
				<span style="margin-left: 2em;">‘Hum-a-bum! buzz! buzz! Hum-a-bum buzz!</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 3em;">As I went over Tipple-tine</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 3em;">I met a flock of bonny swine;</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2em;">Some yellow-nacked, some yellow backed!</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 3em;">They were the very bonniest swine</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 3em;">That e’er went over Tipple-tine.’</span>
				<br/>
			</p>
			<p>Old Mr. Brown turned up his eyes in disgust at the impertinence of Nutkin.</p>
			<p>But he ate up the honey!</p>
			<p>The squirrels filled their little sacks with nuts.</p>
			<p>But Nutkin sat upon a big flat rock, and played ninepins with a crab apple and green fir-cones.</p>
			<p>On the sixth day, which was Saturday, the squirrels came again for the last time; they brought a new-laid <i>egg</i> in a little rush basket as a last parting present for Old Brown.</p>
			<p>But Nutkin ran in front laughing, and shouting⁠—</p>
			<p>
				<span style="margin-left: 2em;">‘Humpty Dumpty lies in the beck,</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">With a white counterpane round his neck,</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">Forty doctors and forty wrights,</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">Cannot put Humpty Dumpty to rights!’</span>
				<br/>
			</p>
			<p>Now old Mr. Brown took an interest in eggs; he opened one eye and shut it again. But still he did not speak.</p>
			<p>Nutkin became more and more impertinent⁠—</p>
			<p>
				<span style="margin-left: 3em;">‘Old Mr. B! Old Mr. B!</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2em;">Hickamore, Hackamore, on the King’s kitchen door;</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2em;">All the King’s horses, and all the King’s men,</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2em;">Couldn’t drive Hickamore, Hackamore,</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2em;">Off the King’s kitchen door.’</span>
				<br/>
			</p>
			<p>Nutkin danced up and down like a <i>sunbeam</i>; but still Old Brown said nothing at all.</p>
			<p>Nutkin began again⁠—</p>
			<p>
				<span style="margin-left: 2em;">‘Arthur O’Bower has broken his band,</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">He comes roaring up the land!</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">The King of Scots with all his power,</span>
				<br/>
				<span style="margin-left: 2.5em;">Cannot turn Arthur of the Bower!’</span>
				<br/>
			</p>
			<p>Nutkin made a whirring noise to sound like the <i>wind</i>, and he took a running jump right onto the head of Old Brown!⁠ ⁠…</p>
			<p>Then all at once there was a flutterment and a scufflement and a loud ‘Squeak!’</p>
			<p>The other squirrels scuttered away into the bushes.</p>
			<p>When they came back very cautiously, peeping round the tree⁠—there was Old Brown sitting on his door-step, quite still, with his eyes closed, as if nothing had happened.</p>
			<hr style="width: 45%;"/>
			<p>
				<i>But Nutkin was in his waistcoat pocket!</i>
			</p>
			<p>This looks like the end of the story; but it isn’t.</p>
			<p>Old Brown carried Nutkin into his house, and held him up by the tail, intending to skin him; but Nutkin pulled so very hard that his tail broke in two, and he dashed up the staircase and escaped out of the attic window.</p>
			<p>And to this day, if you meet Nutkin up a tree and ask him a riddle, he will throw sticks at you, and stamp his feet and scold, and shout⁠—</p>
			<p>‘Cuck-cuck-cuck-cur-r-r-cuck-k-k!’</p>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
