<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>The Story of Miss Moppet</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<article id="the-story-of-miss-moppet" epub:type="se:short-story">
			<h2 epub:type="title">The Story of Miss Moppet</h2>
			<p>This is a Pussy called Miss Moppet, she thinks she has heard a mouse!</p>
			<p>This is the Mouse peeping out behind the cupboard, and making fun of Miss Moppet. He is not afraid of a kitten.</p>
			<p>This is Miss Moppet jumping just too late; she misses the Mouse and hits her own head.</p>
			<p>She thinks it is a very hard cupboard!</p>
			<p>The Mouse watches Miss Moppet from the top of the cupboard.</p>
			<p>Miss Moppet ties up her head in a duster, and sits before the fire.</p>
			<p>The Mouse thinks she is looking very ill. He comes sliding down the bell-pull.</p>
			<p>Miss Moppet looks worse and worse. The Mouse comes a little nearer.</p>
			<p>Miss Moppet holds her poor head in her paws, and looks at him through a hole in the duster. The Mouse comes <em>very</em> close.</p>
			<p>And then all of a sudden—Miss Moppet jumps upon the Mouse!</p>
			<p>And because the Mouse has teased Miss Moppet—Miss Moppet thinks she will tease the Mouse; which is not at all nice of Miss Moppet.</p>
			<p>She ties him up in the duster, and tosses it about like a ball.</p>
			<p>But she forgot about that hole in the duster; and when she untied it—there was no Mouse!</p>
			<p>He has wriggled out and run away; and he is dancing a jig on the top of the cupboard!</p>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
