<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>The Tale of Mrs. Tittlemouse</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<article id="the-tale-of-mrs-tittlemouse" epub:type="se:short-story">
			<header>
				<h2 epub:type="title">The Tale of Mrs. Tittlemouse</h2>
				<blockquote epub:type="dedication">
					<p>Nellie's<br/>
					little book</p>
				</blockquote>
			</header>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>Once</big></span> upon a time there was a wood-mouse, and her name was Mrs. Tittlemouse.</p>
			<p>She lived in a bank under a hedge.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>Such</big></span> a funny house! There were yards and yards of sandy passages, leading to storerooms and nut-cellars and seed-cellars, all amongst the roots of the hedge.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>There</big></span> was a kitchen, a parlour, a pantry, and a larder.</p>
			<p>Also, there was Mrs. Tittlemouse's bedroom, where she slept in a little box bed!</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>Mrs. Tittlemouse</big></span> was a most terribly tidy particular little mouse, always sweeping and dusting the soft sandy floors.</p>
			<p>Sometimes a beetle lost its way in the passages.</p>
			<p>"Shuh! shuh! little dirty feet!" said Mrs. Tittlemouse, clattering her dust-pan.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>And</big></span> one day a little old woman ran up and down in a red spotty cloak.</p>
			<p>"Your house is on fire, Mother Ladybird! Fly away home to your children!"</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>Another</big></span> day, a big fat spider came in to shelter from the rain.</p>
			<p>"Beg pardon, is this not Miss Muffet's?"</p>
			<p>"Go away, you bold bad spider! Leaving ends of cobweb all over my nice clean house!"</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>She</big></span> bundled the spider out at a window.</p>
			<p>He let himself down the hedge with a long thin bit of string.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>Mrs. Tittlemouse</big></span> went on her way to a distant storeroom, to fetch cherry-stones and thistle-down seed for dinner.</p>
			<p>All along the passage she sniffed, and looked at the floor.</p>
			<p>"I smell a smell of honey; is it the cowslips outside, in the hedge? I am sure I can see the marks of little dirty feet."</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>Suddenly</big></span> round a corner, she met Babbitty Bumble—"Zizz, Bizz, Bizzz!" said the bumble bee.</p>
			<p>Mrs. Tittlemouse looked at her severely. She wished that she had a broom.</p>
			<p>"Good-day, Babbitty Bumble; I should be glad to buy some beeswax. But what are you doing down here? Why do you always come in at a window, and say Zizz, Bizz, Bizzz?" Mrs. Tittlemouse began to get cross.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>"Zizz</big></span>, Wizz, Wizzz!" replied Babbitty Bumble in a peevish squeak. She sidled down a passage, and disappeared into a storeroom which had been used for acorns.</p>
			<p>Mrs. Tittlemouse had eaten the acorns before Christmas; the storeroom ought to have been empty.</p>
			<p>But it was full of untidy dry moss.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>Mrs. Tittlemouse</big></span> began to pull out the moss. Three or four other bees put their heads out, and buzzed fiercely.</p>
			<p>"I am not in the habit of letting lodgings; this is an intrusion!" said Mrs. Tittlemouse. "I will have them turned out—" "Buzz! Buzz! Buzzz!"—"I wonder who would help me?" "Bizz, Wizz, Wizzz!"</p>
			<p>—"I will not have Mr. Jackson; he never wipes his feet."</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>Mrs. Tittlemouse</big></span> decided to leave the bees till after dinner.</p>
			<p>When she got back to the parlour, she heard some one coughing in a fat voice; and there sat Mr. Jackson himself!</p>
			<p>He was sitting all over a small rocking-chair, twiddling his thumbs and smiling, with his feet on the fender.</p>
			<p>He lived in a drain below the hedge, in a very dirty wet ditch.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>"How</big></span> do you do, Mr. Jackson? Deary me, you have got very wet!"</p>
			<p>"Thank you, thank you, thank you, Mrs. Tittlemouse! I'll sit awhile and dry myself," said Mr. Jackson.</p>
			<p>He sat and smiled, and the water dripped off his coat tails. Mrs. Tittlemouse went round with a mop.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>He</big></span> sat such a while that he had to be asked if he would take some dinner?</p>
			<p>First she offered him cherry-stones. "Thank you, thank you, Mrs. Tittlemouse! No teeth, no teeth, no teeth!" said Mr. Jackson.</p>
			<p>He opened his mouth most unnecessarily wide; he certainly had not a tooth in his head.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>Then</big></span> she offered him thistle-down seed—"Tiddly, widdly, widdly! Pouff, pouff, puff!" said Mr. Jackson. He blew the thistle-down all over the room.</p>
			<p>"Thank you, thank you, thank you, Mrs. Tittlemouse! Now what I really—<i>really</i> should like—would be a little dish of honey!"</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>"I am</big></span> afraid I have not got any, Mr. Jackson," said Mrs. Tittlemouse.</p>
			<p>"Tiddly, widdly, widdly, Mrs. Tittlemouse!" said the smiling Mr. Jackson, "I can <i>smell</i> it; that is why I came to call."</p>
			<p>Mr. Jackson rose ponderously from the table, and began to look into the cupboards.</p>
			<p>Mrs. Tittlemouse followed him with a dish-cloth, to wipe his large wet footmarks off the parlour floor.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>When</big></span> he had convinced himself that there was no honey in the cupboards, he began to walk down the passage.</p>
			<p>"Indeed, indeed, you will stick fast, Mr. Jackson!"</p>
			<p>"Tiddly, widdly, widdly, Mrs. Tittlemouse!"</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>First</big></span> he squeezed into the pantry.</p>
			<p>"Tiddly, widdly, widdly? no honey? no honey, Mrs. Tittlemouse?"</p>
			<p>There were three creepy-crawly people hiding in the plate-rack. Two of them got away; but the littlest one he caught.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>Then</big></span> he squeezed into the larder. Miss Butterfly was tasting the sugar; but she flew away out of the window.</p>
			<p>"Tiddly, widdly, widdly, Mrs. Tittlemouse; you seem to have plenty of visitors!"</p>
			<p>"And without any invitation!" said Mrs. Thomasina Tittlemouse.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>They</big></span> went along the sandy passage—<br/>
			"Tiddly widdly—" "Buzz! Wizz! Wizz!"</p>
			<p>He met Babbitty round a corner, and snapped her up, and put her down again.</p>
			<p>"I do not like bumble bees. They are all over bristles," said Mr. Jackson, wiping his mouth with his coat-sleeve.</p>
			<p>"Get out, you nasty old toad!" shrieked Babbitty Bumble.</p>
			<p>"I shall go distracted!" scolded Mrs. Tittlemouse.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>She</big></span> shut herself up in the nut-cellar while Mr. Jackson pulled out the bees-nest. He seemed to have no objection to stings.</p>
			<p>When Mrs. Tittlemouse ventured to come out—everybody had gone away.</p>
			<p>But the untidiness was something dreadful—"Never did I see such a mess—smears of honey; and moss, and thistledown—and marks of big and little dirty feet—all over my nice clean house!"</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>She</big></span> gathered up the moss and the remains of the beeswax.</p>
			<p>Then she went out and fetched some twigs, to partly close up the front door.</p>
			<p>"I will make it too small for Mr. Jackson!"</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>She</big></span> fetched soft soap, and flannel, and a new scrubbing brush from the storeroom. But she was too tired to do any more. First she fell asleep in her chair, and then she went to bed.</p>
			<p>"Will it ever be tidy again?" said poor Mrs. Tittlemouse.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>Next</big></span> morning she got up very early and began a spring cleaning which lasted a fortnight.</p>
			<p>She swept, and scrubbed, and dusted; and she rubbed up the furniture with beeswax, and polished her little tin spoons.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>When</big></span> it was all beautifully neat and clean, she gave a party to five other little mice, without Mr. Jackson.</p>
			<p>He smelt the party and came up the bank, but he could not squeeze in at the door.</p>
			<p><span class="smcap"><big>So</big></span> they handed him out acorn-cupfuls of honey-dew through the window, and he was not at all offended.</p>
			<p>He sat outside in the sun, and said—"Tiddly, widdly, widdly! Your very good health, Mrs. Tittlemouse!"</p>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
