<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-US">
	<head>
		<title>The Tale of Mr. Jeremy Fisher</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<article id="the-tale-of-mr-jeremy-fisher" epub:type="se:short-story">
			<header>
				<h2 epub:type="title">The Tale of Mr. Jeremy Fisher</h2>
				<blockquote epub:type="dedication">
					<p>For<br/>
					Stephanie<br/>
					from<br/>
					Cousin <abbr epub:type="z3998:given-name">B.</abbr></p>
				</blockquote>
			</header>
			<p>Once upon a time there was a frog called Mr. Jeremy Fisher; he lived in a little damp house amongst the buttercups at the edge of a pond.</p>
			<p>The water was all slippy-sloppy in the larder and in the back passage.</p>
			<p>But Mr. Jeremy liked getting his feet wet; nobody ever scolded him, and he never caught a cold!</p>
			<p>He was quite pleased when he looked out and saw large drops of rain, splashing in the pond—</p>
			<p>'I will get some worms and go fishing and catch a dish of minnows for my dinner,' said Mr. Jeremy Fisher. 'If I catch more than five fish, I will invite my friends Mr. Alderman Ptolemy Tortoise and Sir Isaac Newton. The Alderman, however, eats salad.'</p>
			<p>Mr. Jeremy put on a macintosh, and a pair of shiny goloshes; he took his rod and basket, and set off with enormous hops to the place where he kept his boat.</p>
			<p>The boat was round and green, and very like the other lily-leaves. It was tied to a water-plant in the middle of the pond.</p>
			<p>Mr. Jeremy took a reed pole, and pushed the boat out into open water. 'I know a good place for minnows,' said Mr. Jeremy Fisher.</p>
			<p>Mr. Jeremy stuck his pole into the mud and fastened the boat to it.</p>
			<p>Then he settled himself cross-legged and arranged his fishing tackle. He had the dearest little red float. His rod was a tough stalk of grass, his line was a fine long white horse-hair, and he tied a little wriggling worm at the end.</p>
			<p>The rain trickled down his back, and for nearly an hour he stared at the float.</p>
			<p>'This is getting tiresome, I think I should like some lunch,' said Mr. Jeremy Fisher.</p>
			<p>He punted back again amongst the water-plants, and took some lunch out of his basket.</p>
			<p>'I will eat a butterfly sandwich, and wait till the shower is over,' said Mr. Jeremy Fisher.</p>
			<p>A great big water-beetle came up underneath the lily leaf and tweaked the toe of one of his goloshes.</p>
			<p>Mr. Jeremy crossed his legs up shorter, out of reach, and went on eating his sandwich.</p>
			<p>Once or twice something moved about with a rustle and a splash amongst the rushes at the side of the pond.</p>
			<p>'I trust that is not a rat,' said Mr. Jeremy Fisher; 'I think I had better get away from here.'</p>
			<p>Mr. Jeremy shoved the boat out again a little way, and dropped in the bait. There was a bite almost directly; the float gave a tremendous bobbit!</p>
			<p>'A minnow! a minnow! I have him by the nose!' cried Mr. Jeremy Fisher, jerking up his rod.</p>
			<p>But what a horrible surprise! Instead of a smooth fat minnow, Mr. Jeremy landed little Jack Sharp the stickleback, covered with spines!</p>
			<p>The stickleback floundered about the boat, pricking and snapping until he was quite out of breath. Then he jumped back into the water.</p>
			<p>And a shoal of other little fishes put their heads out, and laughed at Mr. Jeremy Fisher.</p>
			<p>And while Mr. Jeremy sat disconsolately on the edge of his boat—sucking his sore fingers and peering down into the water—a <i>much</i> worse thing happened; a really <i>frightful</i> thing it would have been, if Mr. Jeremy had not been wearing a macintosh!</p>
			<p>A great big enormous trout came up—ker-pflop-p-p-p! with a splash—and it seized Mr. Jeremy with a snap, 'Ow! Ow! Ow!'—and then it turned and dived down to the bottom of the pond!</p>
			<p>But the trout was so displeased with the taste of the macintosh, that in less than half a minute it spat him out again; and the only thing it swallowed was Mr. Jeremy's goloshes.</p>
			<p>Mr. Jeremy bounced up to the surface of the water, like a cork and the bubbles out of a soda water bottle; and he swam with all his might to the edge of the pond.</p>
			<p>He scrambled out on the first bank he came to, and he hopped home across the meadow with his macintosh all in tatters.</p>
			<p>'What a mercy that was not a pike!' said Mr. Jeremy Fisher. 'I have lost my rod and basket; but it does not much matter, for I am sure I should never have dared to go fishing again!'</p>
			<p>He put some sticking plaster on his fingers, and his friends both came to dinner. He could not offer them fish, but he had something else in his larder.</p>
			<p>Sir Isaac Newton wore his black and gold waistcoat,</p>
			<p>And Mr. Alderman Ptolemy Tortoise brought a salad with him in a string bag.</p>
			<p>And instead of a nice dish of minnows—they had a roasted grasshopper with lady-bird sauce; which frogs consider a beautiful treat; but <i>I</i> think it must have been nasty!</p>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
