<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>The Tale of the Pie and the Patty-Pan</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<article id="the-tale-of-the-pie-and-the-patty-pan" epub:type="se:short-story">
			<header>
				<h2 epub:type="title">The Tale of the Pie and the Patty-Pan</h2>
				<blockquote epub:type="epigraph z3998:poem">
					<p>
						<span>Pussy-cat sits by the fire⁠—how should she be fair?</span>
						<br/>
						<span>In walks the little dog⁠—says “Pussy are you there?</span>
						<br/>
						<span>How do you do Mistress Pussy? Mistress Pussy, how do you do?”</span>
						<br/>
						<span>“I thank you kindly, little dog. I fare as well as you!”</span>
					</p>
					<cite>Old Rhyme</cite>
				</blockquote>
				<blockquote epub:type="dedication">
					<p>For Joan, to read to baby.</p>
				</blockquote>
			</header>
			<p>Duchess read the letter and wrote an answer:⁠—“I will come with much pleasure at a quarter past four. But it is very strange. <i>I</i> was just going to invite you to come here, to supper, my dear Ribby, to eat something <i>most delicious</i>.</p>
			<p>“I will come very punctually, my dear Ribby,” wrote Duchess; and then at the end she added⁠—“I hope it isn’t mouse?”</p>
			<p>And then she thought that did not look quite polite; so she scratched out “isn’t mouse” and changed it to “I hope it will be fine,” and she gave her letter to the postman.</p>
			<p>But she thought a great deal about Ribby’s pie, and she read Ribby’s letter over and over again.</p>
			<p>“I am dreadfully afraid it <i>will</i> be mouse!” said Duchess to herself⁠—“I really couldn’t, <i>couldn’t</i> eat mouse pie. And I shall have to eat it, because it is a party. And <i>my</i> pie was going to be veal and ham. A pink and white pie-dish! and so is mine; just like Ribby’s dishes; they were both bought at Tabitha Twitchit’s.”</p>
			<p>Duchess went into her larder and took the pie off a shelf and looked at it.</p>
			<p>“It is all ready to put into the oven. Such lovely pie-crust; and I put in a little tin patty-pan to hold up the crust; and I made a hole in the middle with a fork to let out the steam⁠—Oh I do wish I could eat my own pie, instead of a pie made of mouse!”</p>
			<p>Duchess considered and considered and read Ribby’s letter again⁠—</p>
			<p>“A pink and white pie-dish⁠—and <i>you</i> shall eat it <i>all</i>. “You” means me⁠—then Ribby is not going to even taste the pie herself? A pink and white pie-dish! Ribby is sure to go out to buy the muffins.⁠ ⁠… Oh what a good idea! Why shouldn’t I rush along and put my pie into Ribby’s oven when Ribby isn’t there?”</p>
			<p>Duchess was quite delighted with her own cleverness!</p>
			<p>Ribby in the meantime had received Duchess’s answer, and as soon as she was sure that the little dog could come⁠—she popped <i>her</i> pie into the oven. There were two ovens, one above the other; some other knobs and handles were only ornamental and not intended to open. Ribby put the pie into the lower oven; the door was very stiff.</p>
			<p>“The top oven bakes too quickly,” said Ribby to herself. “It is a pie of the most delicate and tender mouse minced up with bacon. And I have taken out all the bones; because Duchess did nearly choke herself with a fish-bone last time I gave a party. She eats a little fast⁠—rather big mouthfuls. But a most genteel and elegant little dog; infinitely superior company to Cousin Tabitha Twitchit.”</p>
			<p>Ribby put on some coal and swept up the hearth. Then she went out with a can to the well, for water to fill up the kettle.</p>
			<p>Then she began to set the room in order, for it was the sitting-room as well as the kitchen. She shook the mats out at the front-door and put them straight; the hearthrug was a rabbit-skin. She dusted the clock and the ornaments on the mantelpiece, and she polished and rubbed the tables and chairs.</p>
			<p>Then she spread a very clean white table-cloth, and set out her best china tea-set, which she took out of a wall-cupboard near the fireplace. The tea-cups were white with a pattern of pink roses; and the dinner-plates were white and blue.</p>
			<p>When Ribby had laid the table she took a jug and a blue and white dish, and went out down the field to the farm, to fetch milk and butter.</p>
			<p>When she came back, she peeped into the bottom oven; the pie looked very comfortable.</p>
			<p>Ribby put on her shawl and bonnet and went out again with a basket, to the village shop to buy a packet of tea, a pound of lump sugar, and a pot of marmalade.</p>
			<p>And just at the same time, Duchess came out of <i>her</i> house, at the other end of the village.</p>
			<p>Ribby met Duchess half-way down the street, also carrying a basket, covered with a cloth. They only bowed to one another; they did not speak, because they were going to have a party.</p>
			<p>As soon as Duchess had got round the corner out of sight⁠—she simply ran! Straight away to Ribby’s house!</p>
			<p>Ribby went into the shop and bought what she required, and came out, after a pleasant gossip with Cousin Tabitha Twitchit.</p>
			<p>Cousin Tabitha was disdainful afterwards in conversation⁠—</p>
			<p>“A little <i>dog</i> indeed! Just as if there were no <strong>cats</strong> in Sawrey! And a <i>pie</i> for afternoon tea! The very idea!” said Cousin Tabitha Twitchit.</p>
			<p>Ribby went on to Timothy Baker’s and bought the muffins. Then she went home.</p>
			<p>There seemed to be a sort of scuffling noise in the back passage, as she was coming in at the front door.</p>
			<p>“I trust that is not that Pie: the spoons are locked up, however,” said Ribby.</p>
			<p>But there was nobody there. Ribby opened the bottom oven door with some difficulty, and turned the pie. There began to be a pleasing smell of baked mouse!</p>
			<p>Duchess in the meantime, had slipped out at the back door.</p>
			<p>“It is a very odd thing that Ribby’s pie was <i>not</i> in the oven when I put mine in! And I can’t find it anywhere; I have looked all over the house. I put <i>my</i> pie into a nice hot oven at the top. I could not turn any of the other handles; I think that they are all shams,” said Duchess, “but I wish I could have removed the pie made of mouse! I cannot think what she has done with it? I heard Ribby coming and I had to run out by the back door!”</p>
			<p>Duchess went home and brushed her beautiful black coat; and then she picked a bunch of flowers in her garden as a present for Ribby; and passed the time until the clock struck four.</p>
			<p>Ribby⁠—having assured herself by careful search that there was really no one hiding in the cupboard or in the larder⁠—went upstairs to change her dress.</p>
			<p>She put on a lilac silk gown, for the party, and an embroidered muslin apron and tippet.</p>
			<p>“It is very strange,” said Ribby, “I did not <i>think</i> I left that drawer pulled out; has somebody been trying on my mittens?”</p>
			<p>She came downstairs again, and made the tea, and put the teapot on the hob. She peeped again into the <i>bottom</i> oven, the pie had become a lovely brown, and it was steaming hot.</p>
			<p>She sat down before the fire to wait for the little dog. “I am glad I used the <i>bottom</i> oven,” said Ribby, “the top one would certainly have been very much too hot. I wonder why that cupboard door was open? Can there really have been someone in the house?”</p>
			<p>Very punctually at four o’clock, Duchess started to go to the party. She ran so fast through the village that she was too early, and she had to wait a little while in the lane that leads down to Ribby’s house.</p>
			<p>“I wonder if Ribby has taken <i>my</i> pie out of the oven yet?” said Duchess, “and whatever can have become of the other pie made of mouse?”</p>
			<p>At a quarter past four to the minute, there came a most genteel little tap-tappity. “Is Mrs. Ribston at home?” inquired Duchess in the porch.</p>
			<p>“Come in! and how do you do, my dear Duchess?” cried Ribby. “I hope I see you well?”</p>
			<p>“Quite well, I thank you, and how do <i>you</i> do, my dear Ribby?” said Duchess. “I’ve brought you some flowers; what a delicious smell of pie!”</p>
			<p>“Oh, what lovely flowers! Yes, it is mouse and bacon!”</p>
			<p>“Do not talk about food, my dear Ribby,” said Duchess; “what a lovely white tea-cloth!⁠ ⁠… Is it done to a turn? Is it still in the oven?”</p>
			<p>“I think it wants another five minutes,” said Ribby. “Just a shade longer; I will pour out the tea, while we wait. Do you take sugar, my dear Duchess?”</p>
			<p>“Oh yes, please! my dear Ribby; and may I have a lump upon my nose?”</p>
			<p>“With pleasure, my dear Duchess; how beautifully you beg! Oh, how sweetly pretty!”</p>
			<p>Duchess sat up with the sugar on her nose and sniffed⁠—</p>
			<p>“How good that pie smells! I do love veal and ham⁠—I mean to say mouse and bacon⁠—”</p>
			<p>She dropped the sugar in confusion, and had to go hunting under the tea-table, so did not see which oven Ribby opened in order to get out the pie.</p>
			<p>Ribby set the pie upon the table; there was a very savoury smell.</p>
			<p>Duchess came out from under the table-cloth munching sugar, and sat up on a chair.</p>
			<p>“I will first cut the pie for you; I am going to have muffin and marmalade,” said Ribby.</p>
			<p>“Do you really prefer muffin? Mind the patty-pan!”</p>
			<p>“I beg your pardon?” said Ribby.</p>
			<p>“May I pass you the marmalade?” said Duchess hurriedly.</p>
			<p>The pie proved extremely toothsome, and the muffins light and hot. They disappeared rapidly, especially the pie!</p>
			<p>“I think’⁠—(thought the Duchess to herself)⁠—“I <i>think</i> it would be wiser if I helped myself to pie; though Ribby did not seem to notice anything when she was cutting it. What very small fine pieces it has cooked into! I did not remember that I had minced it up so fine; I suppose this is a quicker oven than my own.”</p>
			<p>“How fast Duchess is eating!” thought Ribby to herself, as she buttered her fifth muffin.</p>
			<p>The pie-dish was emptying rapidly! Duchess had had four helps already, and was fumbling with the spoon. “A little more bacon, my dear Duchess?” said Ribby.</p>
			<p>“Thank you, my dear Ribby; I was only feeling for the patty-pan.”</p>
			<p>“The patty-pan? my dear Duchess?”</p>
			<p>“The patty-pan that held up the pie-crust,” said Duchess, blushing under her black coat.</p>
			<p>“Oh, I didn’t put one in, my dear Duchess,” said Ribby; “I don’t think that it is necessary in pies made of mouse.”</p>
			<p>Duchess fumbled with the spoon⁠—“I can’t find it!” she said anxiously.</p>
			<p>“There isn’t a patty-pan,” said Ribby, looking perplexed.</p>
			<p>“Yes, indeed, my dear Ribby; where can it have gone to?” said Duchess.</p>
			<p>“There most certainly is not one, my dear Duchess. I disapprove of tin articles in puddings and pies. It is most undesirable⁠—(especially when people swallow in lumps!)” she added in a lower voice.</p>
			<p>Duchess looked very much alarmed, and continued to scoop the inside of the pie-dish.</p>
			<p>“My Great-aunt Squintina (grandmother of Cousin Tabitha Twitchit)⁠—died of a thimble in a Christmas plum-pudding. <i>I</i> never put any article of metal in <i>my</i> puddings or pies.”</p>
			<p>Duchess looked aghast, and tilted up the pie-dish.</p>
			<p>“I have only four patty-pans, and they are all in the cupboard.”</p>
			<p>Duchess set up a howl.</p>
			<p>“I shall die! I shall die! I have swallowed a patty-pan! Oh, my dear Ribby, I do feel so ill!”</p>
			<p>“It is impossible, my dear Duchess; there was not a patty-pan.”</p>
			<p>Duchess moaned and whined and rocked herself about.</p>
			<p>“Oh I feel so dreadful, I have swallowed a patty-pan!”</p>
			<p>“There was <i>nothing</i> in the pie,” said Ribby severely.</p>
			<p>“Yes there <i>was</i>, my dear Ribby, I am sure I have swallowed it!”</p>
			<p>“Let me prop you up with a pillow, my dear Duchess; where do you think you feel it?”</p>
			<p>“Oh I do feel so ill <i>all over</i> me, my dear Ribby; I have swallowed a large tin patty-pan with a sharp scalloped edge!”</p>
			<p>“Shall I run for the doctor? I will just lock up the spoons!”</p>
			<p>“Oh yes, yes! fetch Dr. Maggotty, my dear Ribby: he is a Pie himself, he will certainly understand.”</p>
			<p>Ribby settled Duchess in an armchair before the fire, and went out and hurried to the village to look for the doctor.</p>
			<p>She found him at the smithy.</p>
			<p>He was occupied in putting rusty nails into a bottle of ink, which he had obtained at the post office.</p>
			<p>“Gammon? ha! <strong>ha!</strong>” said he, with his head on one side.</p>
			<p>Ribby explained that her guest had swallowed a patty-pan.</p>
			<p>“Spinach? ha! <strong>ha!</strong>” said he, and accompanied her with alacrity.</p>
			<p>He hopped so fast that Ribby had to run. It was most conspicuous. All the village could see that Ribby was fetching the doctor.</p>
			<p>“I <i>knew</i> they would over-eat themselves!” said Cousin Tabitha Twitchit.</p>
			<p>But while Ribby had been hunting for the doctor⁠—a curious thing had happened to Duchess, who had been left by herself, sitting before the fire, sighing and groaning and feeling very unhappy.</p>
			<p>“How <i>could</i> I have swallowed it! such a large thing as a patty-pan!”</p>
			<p>She got up and went to the table, and felt inside the pie-dish again with a spoon.</p>
			<p>“No; there is no patty-pan, and I put one in; and nobody has eaten pie except me, so I must have swallowed it!”</p>
			<p>She sat down again, and stared mournfully at the grate. The fire crackled and danced, and something sizz-z-zled!</p>
			<p>Duchess started! She opened the door of the <i>top</i> oven; out came a rich steamy flavour of veal and ham, and there stood a fine brown pie⁠—and through a hole in the top of the pie-crust there was a glimpse of a little tin patty-pan!</p>
			<p>Duchess drew a long breath⁠—</p>
			<p>“Then I must have been eating <strong>mouse</strong>!⁠ ⁠… No wonder I feel ill.⁠ ⁠… But perhaps I should feel worse if I had really swallowed a patty-pan!” Duchess reflected⁠—“What a very awkward thing to have to explain to Ribby! I think I will put <i>my</i> pie in the back-yard and say nothing about it. When I go home, I will run round and take it away.” She put it outside the back-door, and sat down again by the fire, and shut her eyes; when Ribby arrived with the doctor, she seemed fast asleep.</p>
			<p>“Gammon, ha, <strong>ha</strong>?” said the doctor.</p>
			<p>“I am feeling very much better,” said Duchess, waking up with a jump.</p>
			<p>“I am truly glad to hear it! He has brought you a pill, my dear Duchess!”</p>
			<p>“I think I should feel <i>quite</i> well if he only felt my pulse,” said Duchess, backing away from the magpie, who sidled up with something in his beak.</p>
			<p>“It is only a bread pill, you had much better take it; drink a little milk, my dear Duchess!”</p>
			<p>“Gammon? Gammon?” said the doctor, while Duchess coughed and choked.</p>
			<p>“Don’t say that again!” said Ribby, losing her temper⁠—“Here, take this bread and jam, and get out into the yard!”</p>
			<p>“Gammon and Spinach! ha ha <strong>ha</strong>!” shouted Dr. Maggotty triumphantly outside the back door.</p>
			<p>“I am feeling very much better my dear Ribby,” said Duchess. “Do you not think that I had better go home before it gets dark?”</p>
			<p>“Perhaps it might be wise, my dear Duchess. I will lend you a nice warm shawl, and you shall take my arm.”</p>
			<p>“I would not trouble you for worlds; I feel wonderfully better. One pill of Dr. Maggotty⁠—”</p>
			<p>“Indeed it is most admirable, if it has cured you of a patty-pan! I will call directly after breakfast to ask how you have slept.”</p>
			<p>Ribby and Duchess said goodbye affectionately, and Duchess started home. Half-way up the lane she stopped and looked back; Ribby had gone in and shut her door. Duchess slipped through the fence, and ran round to the back of Ribby’s house, and peeped into the yard.</p>
			<p>Upon the roof of the pig-stye sat Dr. Maggotty and three jackdaws. The jackdaws were eating pie-crust, and the magpie was drinking gravy out of a patty-pan.</p>
			<p>“Gammon, ha, <strong>ha</strong>!” he shouted when he saw Duchess’s little black nose peeping round the corner.</p>
			<p>Duchess ran home feeling uncommonly silly!</p>
			<p>When Ribby came out for a pailful of water to wash up the tea-things, she found a pink and white pie-dish lying smashed in the middle of the yard. The patty-pan was under the pump, where Dr. Maggotty had considerately left it.</p>
			<p>Ribby stared with amazement⁠—“Did you ever see the like! so there really <i>was</i> a patty-pan?⁠ ⁠… But <i>my</i> patty-pans are all in the kitchen cupboard. Well I never did!⁠ ⁠… Next time I want to give a party⁠—I will invite Cousin Tabitha Twitchit!”</p>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
