<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/, se: https://standardebooks.org/vocab/1.0" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>The Tale of Ginger and Pickles</title>
		<link href="../css/core.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="../css/local.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body epub:type="bodymatter z3998:fiction">
		<article id="the-tale-of-ginger-and-pickles" epub:type="se:short-story">
			<header>
				<h2 epub:type="title">The Tale of Ginger and Pickles</h2>
				<blockquote epub:type="dedication">
					<p><b>Dedicated</b><br/>
					With very kind regards to old <abbr>Mr.</abbr> John Taylor,<br/>
					who “thinks he might pass as a Dormouse;”<br/>
					(three years in bed and never a grumble!)</p>
				</blockquote>
			</header>
			<p>Once upon a time there was a village shop. The name over the window was “Ginger and Pickles.”</p>
			<p>It was a little small shop just the right size for Dolls⁠—Lucinda and Jane Doll-cook always bought their groceries at Ginger and Pickles.</p>
			<p>The counter inside was a convenient height for rabbits. Ginger and Pickles sold red spotty pocket-handkerchiefs at a penny three farthings.</p>
			<p>They also sold sugar, and snuff and galoshes.</p>
			<p>In fact, although it was such a small shop it sold nearly everything⁠—except a few things that you want in a hurry⁠—like bootlaces, hairpins and mutton chops.</p>
			<p>Ginger and Pickles were the people who kept the shop. Ginger was a yellow tomcat, and Pickles was a terrier.</p>
			<p>The rabbits were always a little bit afraid of Pickles.</p>
			<p>The shop was also patronized by mice⁠—only the mice were rather afraid of Ginger.</p>
			<p>Ginger usually requested Pickles to serve them, because he said it made his mouth water.</p>
			<p>“I cannot bear,” said he, “to see them going out at the door carrying their little parcels.”</p>
			<p>“I have the same feeling about rats,” replied Pickles, “but it would never do to eat our own customers; they would leave us and go to Tabitha Twitchit’s.”</p>
			<p>“On the contrary, they would go nowhere,” replied Ginger gloomily.</p>
			<p>(Tabitha Twitchit kept the only other shop in the village. She did not give credit.)</p>
			<p>Ginger and Pickles gave unlimited credit.</p>
			<p>Now the meaning of “credit” is this⁠—when a customer buys a bar of soap, instead of the customer pulling out a purse and paying for it⁠—she says she will pay another time.</p>
			<p>And Pickles makes a low bow and says, “With pleasure, madam,” and it is written down in a book.</p>
			<p>The customers come again and again, and buy quantities, in spite of being afraid of Ginger and Pickles.</p>
			<p>But there is no money in what is called the “till.”</p>
			<p>The customers came in crowds every day and bought quantities, especially the toffee customers. But there was always no money; they never paid for as much as a pennyworth of peppermints.</p>
			<p>But the sales were enormous, ten times as large as Tabitha Twitchit’s.</p>
			<p>As there was always no money, Ginger and Pickles were obliged to eat their own goods.</p>
			<p>Pickles ate biscuits and Ginger ate a dried haddock.</p>
			<p>They ate them by candlelight after the shop was closed.</p>
			<p>When it came to <abbr>Jan.</abbr> 1st there was still no money, and Pickles was unable to buy a dog licence.</p>
			<p>“It is very unpleasant, I am afraid of the police,” said Pickles.</p>
			<p>“It is your own fault for being a terrier; <em>I</em> do not require a licence, and neither does Kep, the Collie dog.”</p>
			<p>“It is very uncomfortable, I am afraid I shall be summoned. I have tried in vain to get a licence upon credit at the Post Office;” said Pickles. “The place is full of policemen. I met one as I was coming home.”</p>
			<p>“Let us send in the bill again to Samuel Whiskers, Ginger, he owes 22/9 for bacon.”</p>
			<p>“I do not believe that he intends to pay at all,” replied Ginger.</p>
			<p>“And I feel sure that Anna Maria pockets things⁠—Where are all the cream crackers?”</p>
			<p>“You have eaten them yourself,” replied Ginger.</p>
			<p>Ginger and Pickles retired into the back parlour.</p>
			<p>They did accounts. They added up sums and sums, and sums.</p>
			<p>“Samuel Whiskers has run up a bill as long as his tail; he has had an ounce and three-quarters of snuff since October.”</p>
			<p>“What is seven pounds of butter at 1/3, and a stick of sealing wax and four matches?”</p>
			<p>“Send in all the bills again to everybody ‘with comp<sup>ts</sup>,’ ” replied Ginger.</p>
			<p>After a time they heard a noise in the shop, as if something had been pushed in at the door. They came out of the back parlour. There was an envelope lying on the counter, and a policeman writing in a notebook!</p>
			<p>Pickles nearly had a fit, he barked and he barked and made little rushes.</p>
			<p>“Bite him, Pickles! bite him!” spluttered Ginger behind a sugar-barrel, “he’s only a German doll!”</p>
			<p>The policeman went on writing in his notebook; twice he put his pencil in his mouth, and once he dipped it in the treacle.</p>
			<p>Pickles barked till he was hoarse. But still the policeman took no notice. He had bead eyes, and his helmet was sewed on with stitches.</p>
			<p>At length on his last little rush⁠—Pickles found that the shop was empty. The policeman had disappeared.</p>
			<p>But the envelope remained.</p>
			<p>“Do you think that he has gone to fetch a real live policeman? I am afraid it is a summons,” said Pickles.</p>
			<p>“No,” replied Ginger, who had opened the envelope, “it is the rates and taxes, £3 19 11¾.”</p>
			<p>“This is the last straw,” said Pickles, “let us close the shop.”</p>
			<p>They put up the shutters, and left. But they have not removed from the neighbourhood. In fact some people wish they had gone further.</p>
			<p>Ginger is living in the warren. I do not know what occupation he pursues; he looks stout and comfortable.</p>
			<p>Pickles is at present a gamekeeper.</p>
			<p>The closing of the shop caused great inconvenience. Tabitha Twitchit immediately raised the price of everything a halfpenny; and she continued to refuse to give credit.</p>
			<p>Of course there are the tradesmen’s carts⁠—the butcher, the fish-man and Timothy Baker.</p>
			<p>But a person cannot live on “seed wigs” and sponge-cake and butter-buns⁠—not even when the sponge-cake is as good as Timothy’s!</p>
			<p>After a time <abbr>Mr.</abbr> John Dormouse and his daughter began to sell peppermints and candles.</p>
			<p>But they did not keep “self-fitting sixes”; and it takes five mice to carry one seven inch candle.</p>
			<p>Besides⁠—the candles which they sell behave very strangely in warm weather.</p>
			<p>And Miss Dormouse refused to take back the ends when they were brought back to her with complaints.</p>
			<p>And when <abbr>Mr.</abbr> John Dormouse was complained to, he stayed in bed, and would say nothing but “very snug;” which is not the way to carry on a retail business.</p>
			<p>So everybody was pleased when Sally Henny Penny sent out a printed poster to say that she was going to reopen the shop⁠—“Henny’s Opening Sale! Grand cooperative Jumble! Penny’s penny prices! Come buy, come try, come buy!”</p>
			<p>The poster really was most ’ticing.</p>
			<p>There was a rush upon the opening day. The shop was crammed with customers, and there were crowds of mice upon the biscuit canisters.</p>
			<p>Sally Henny Penny gets rather flustered when she tries to count out change, and she insists on being paid cash; but she is quite harmless.</p>
			<p>And she has laid in a remarkable assortment of bargains.</p>
			<p>There is something to please everybody.</p>
		</article>
	</body>
</html>
